Welcome to KGI's online corporate meeting. Today's Chief Executive is Mr. Chen Wei-chung and the investor relations team. We invite you to share with us the earnings profile for the first quarter of 2025.

Let's take a look at some of the performance data we've announced in the first quarter. First of all, it's important to take a look at this page. First of all, it's basically an improvement in the business experience of the first quarter. This part of the cement in China, with a significant decrease in losses in the first quarter.

In addition, there is a slight decline in the equity house outside our industry. So let's take a look at the first quarter of the industry's business experience. We look at each sector. In Taiwan's cement, the first quarter is basically a stable state. China's revenue is a little down, but because of the rebound of shielding profits, the rebound of the price, so in the business experience is a significant decrease.

That is because it has a four-year overhaul. That is why stainless steel is a condition that maintains a continuous improvement in profitability. However, in terms of business experience, it is also a relatively small profit state. But it is better than last year's losses. In terms of equity law investment, it can be seen that Far East New has grown in the first quarter than last year.

The first quarter was slightly weaker than last year. The first quarter was affected mainly by the price. The landscaping part was reduced compared to the same period last year. This trend is consistent with the entire cement industry in China. In detail about the condition of the entire cement industry in Taiwan, the price is basically relatively stable in our first quarter.

But the amount is relatively stable. So this part is slightly better than the same period last year. So the actual market situation is basically a bit better. Then see the following Chinese data, the Chinese data, the actual amount, or the better than last year. So this part is a little better than last year. So this part is a bit better than last year.

But the overall demand for cement is slightly lower in the first quarter of the year. So in the price section, it is about 7 percent better than the same period last year. So this is actually the fourth quarter of last year's price movement. So the first part of gross profit is 25 pieces.

That's actually a lot better than last year. So the main reason is that the price part is growing. Of course, there's the coal cost part, which is also less than last year. So the first quarter looks like China is probably a kind of architecture.

The other part is OK. If there is a big difference, it will be in this financial asset evaluation section. Then it will also be a big difference compared to the same period last year. Then the figure last year is actually bigger, about 1.9 billion. So it is mainly the first quarter of last year.

So the overall stock market is quite high. So last year Taiwan stocks rose 13 percent. So the stock market was down in the first quarter of this year, about 8 percent. So the main difference between this part will be here. That is, at the same time this market market is a gap. So the exchange portion, in the first quarter, the dollar is still rising.

So we have some exchange interest in the first quarter. But the appreciation is not as big as last year. But then, in the second quarter, there will be a reversal. Since the beginning of April, the actual dollar is depreciated, and then the Taiwan dollar is depreciated. So the magnitude is relatively large.

This is the main effect. But when it comes to investing in real estate, there is actually a slight increase in the quarter this year. So there is also a gap compared to the same period last year. So the whole number outside the employment is mainly different from last year.

Then we see this balance sheet, then the balance sheet, in fact, the number of actual net debt is slightly increased throughout the first quarter. Then we can see that if we look at the details of our debt ratio borrowing, the actual level is almost stable. Then there is a slight decrease in our short-term investment.

So it's on the accounting edge subject because it's a longer shelf life. Then it moves from flow to non-current. So it leads to this short-term investment decline. So it's really the impact of the subject. So it's not the impact of the accounting subject.

Or how. Then see below, then this is China. Then China in the first two years of a profit table, then the general trend is practically similar to the previous introduction. This is mainly due to the decline in revenues. The value part is actually up.

So the gross profit part is positive. Then the business economy is also positive. Then the other gains are slightly less than the same period last year. This is mainly a bad book, and the impact of financial evaluation. Then see below, then we enter the industry in a summary of the operation summary. So we now look at a situation in the cement industry in China this year, so this year's demand part of the decline should be more converging than last year.

So in 2024, our entire cement demand declined by about 10%. Then the magnitude of this year should be expected to be between 5% and 6%. So the whole mid- to long-term, in fact, there is a certain pressure on the structure adjustment or there is a certain pressure.

So there are some schedules for a faulty stop-production. So there is a lack of mandatory. So there is still a tendency to lead to large enterprises. So there is a certain degree of instability. So in the fourth quarter of last year, the actual willingness to participate in a faulty stop-production is relatively high.

So, it also led to the repair of the price section. However, in April, the execution of some of the faulty discontinued productions is relatively not so stable. So in May, we also saw some of the price of some of the places started to fall again. So this is really a test again that we are talking about, and now the faulty is the most effective.

We look at the first quarter of this year, Sichuan paused for 60 days, Jiangxi paused for 50 days, Hubei paused for 40 days. In fact, the suspension is more than the same period last year.

This is because, in fact, corporate self-discipline. In the fourth quarter of last year, we observed that the actual implementation from the point of view of stock water level, from the price point of view, is very good. However, until April of this year, we can see that this chart, and the price is actually starting to go down.

I think it might be closer to the bottom of the valley. So it may not be so easy to break down further in the future. It may not be so easy. So it may not be so easy. So for the first season of the comma rate, it is probably in the first quarter of the coma rate, so for the first quarter of the coma rate, the coma rate is supposed to be 25.

The price is slowly going down in the second quarter, but the cost part is also going down. But the cost part is also going down in the second quarter, combined with the volume of the second quarter, should be much better than the first quarter of the year. It should be much better than the first quarter.

In fact, it's ok. Mainly the lake is relatively weak. So the comma rate in the second quarter is expected to be improved, which is now expected to be better than the first quarter. It may be expected to see 30 three-letter words. It may be expected to see 30 three-letter words.

This is just talking about the coal price section. This is just talking about the coal price section. The coal price section can be seen, in fact, last year the black line 2024, is basically a weak allotment. About 800 to 900.

So there is a difference in the actual price compared to the same period last year. It will form a building above the cost. Therefore, in terms of this trend, the second season does not look as strong as expected, but the cost is still going down. In the case of profit space, there is still some improvement.

The first quarter of the Taiwan market, the demand is relatively stable. Going from one to four, the Taiwan election needs to be a small increase of about 1%. Seeing the construction of legal floor even, there is a 5% increase. On the contrary, there is a 5% increase. On the contrary, there is a 5% increase. Therefore, this suggests that although a policy of Taiwan's housing market is relatively tight, the decrease in trading volume is not completely representative of the activity of the building.

In fact, the construction of the building is relatively stable. Combined with the actual land purchase in the construction of the land to buy, the actual performance in the first quarter is not good. So the legal floor area, there is actually a percentage growth. So it shows that although the real estate transaction is relatively cool, but in the construction industry, it does not see the same cold down.

In addition to the four-year low-cost report, revenue and business experience will have some impact on our gross profit. That is because the first half of the year will be higher than the first half of the year, because we signed a contract with the electric meter, so the second half of the first half of the year or a lower dividend, so this part will bring some support. However, the second half of the year to the second half of this low-level difference will not be, so in the year 2025 the contribution may be a little lower than last year. The current minimum requirement of the company according to the company's charter is 50 percent, but of course we can see the past history in fact we have nearly 50 percent, most of them in 60 to 70 or even 80, the earlier there are 90 to 100, so this part of our board of directors will still be in reference to the conditions of the entire market, in combination with the company's own financial situation to do a comprehensive consideration, then will consider the rate of dividend, and then will consider the company's capital expenditure or the company's capital use of this comprehensive consideration of the result, this is currently encouraged policy.

The main reason for this is that in 2015, the cement industry was still in a demand expansion stage, although the profit and loss of that industry was still growing, and in fact, there are not many people who want to grow, and then there are not many people who want to grow, then there is no need to see 2024 or loss, but the demand is different from the high demand of 2014 2015, but the demand is significantly reduced compared to the high demand of 2014 2015, just see that the demand is 1 billion tonnes, he was 24 billion tonnes, and now this decline, then there is no dividend at the time, the main reason is that in 2015, the cement industry is still in a demand expansion stage, but in 2015, the demand is still more careful to pay some of the company's capital expenditure. The following question is whether the second half of the second quarter will respond to the second half of the year, will not because the second quarter is different from the second half of the second quarter, because the third quarter is usually the traditional peak season, so it has a seasonal factor in itself, so it may look at the same period of comparison, so if the second quarter is the second quarter compared to the second quarter of the second quarter, it may be almost or slightly, because the second quarter is due to the difference in gas prices, but the second part is positive contribution, so the phase should be said that the last period will be less than the last year, but the second half will be more than the last, but by the second half, if the price of gas is higher than the last year, then the situation may be less than the fourth quarter of the year.

This is the first time that we have received this information, we have received this information, we have received this information, we have received this information, we have received this information, we have received this information, we will continue to use this information, we will continue to use this information, we will continue to use this information, we will continue to use this information, we will continue to use this information, we will continue to use this information, we will continue to use this information, we will continue to use this information, we will continue to use this information. If you are looking for a reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, and reliable service, we can provide you with the best service. If you are looking for a reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable In the case of recovery, the entire shipping price of corn shipping is currently relatively weak, so of course, it is also important to look at the demand situation in China here, and there are other geopolitical factors, now because this relatively unstable to go, sometimes he will catalyze the rise of shipping prices, so the possibility of this political disk geopolitical section will also trigger his impact, hm, hm, hm, hm, donc, u, by P, ah, no, yeah, LISA, distribut, Do i, Do I, Do I, down, so the net operating interest rate should probably be the next question above.

Taiwan imports cement. The progress of Taiwan's imports cement continues. The progress of anti-dumping is also under way. In recent days, there has been a mention of slow government actions. In fact, this is how the government's actions will be seen in the news.

The government's actions will be announced in July. The next question to the revenue department of Taiwan is whether there are too many statistics on the basic disk of public works, how much is the commercial or private business needs. It may be necessary to explain with this head first, the Taiwan cement sector, it contains the cement business and the cement related value chain, and then it also includes the pre-preparation.

If the concrete is a medium-stream, concrete is downstream to public works or construction. Therefore, if we are about this piece of concrete, we can distinguish it. However, if we are going to be about this piece of concrete, we can not directly distinguish it, because our customers are not public works, our customers are pre-planned. However, this is not a detailed statistical reason. However, if there is a general feeling, or an estimate of a survey, the demand for real estate in Taiwan should be 70%, right.

So for many years because of the relationship between technology and construction, there may be a relatively warm relationship in the housing market, so real estate is a private sector or you say that the proportion of the industrial sector should be a bit higher, public works may be a little less. So it is likely that it is seven to two to one of the basic disks may be so. But there may be some impact with some flow. This is the whole market.

So the current water net price is a big problem. But the current water net price is a big problem. So the current water net price is a big problem. But the current water net price is a big problem. But the current water net price is a big problem.

So it may be possible to maintain the low season. But the second season looks down. So if you look at the second quarter of the year, that's exactly what you said. Yeah, but I think it's actually because it's wrong now. It's really a structure that depends on industry discipline.

So it's not the low season when people are willing to keep the price high season. It's not good to say that. I think it's probably more time to see where the price level is. For example, like last year's fourth quarter is high season, then the price is higher, and the price continues until the first quarter is still alive, but until the second quarter people can't keep it.

This is because last year also started in July and entered the low season, but in some places the price began to rise again. It is a bit of a matter of rebounding the peak season. It really is a case of the past, but it does not mean that it must be the case next time. The question below is the expectation of the net number of Chinese water in the second quarter and this year, and the Taiwan section.

In the second quarter, I expected a situation similar to that of the entire large disk. That is, the demand for this year may fall around 5%. It is similar to the overall market demand. In Taiwan, I think that part of the Taiwan market now seems relatively palatable. Because in front of the report, it is said that in the first quarter of this year, the demand for cement in Taiwan is a small increase.

That's why at least in terms of business, I think in terms of current market conditions, I don't say that real estate is being cooled. And to the point that there's a big uncertainty about the situation, is that the developer is still in the process of doing business with the cover of the industry. Yes, I think this part is going to continue to look at it.

That's why it started last year's fourth quarter of the year. So it's colder this quarter. But it's not clear when the building surfaces are going to pass there. So I personally think that if this policy continues for a long time, it's likely that the builders will be affected as well.

So I think I'm going to look forward to it again. So for this year's Taiwanese demand, I think it should be stable at the moment.

In the case of the sediment, it is a product with a relatively high gross profit. Yes, the gross profit of the old material is indeed relatively low in the last few years. This is mainly due to the relationship between the production capacity. However, it is now seen that the gross profit of the cement is much higher than that of the cement.

We would like to thank Ninus again, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.