The following is a summary of the completed paragraph-by-text text: Thank you for your continued investment. I would like to introduce you to today's corporate team, Chief Operating Officer of Huo Zhiyuan Hou and Vice President of Yang Zongren Yang. We will then exchange our time to the corporate team so that they can introduce the company's situation. Thank you for your participation in our legal meeting, I am Hu Zhiyuan.

In the next two months, we will have a new problem map for our bean. It may also be that we will have a problem map in Chiayi next year. This is our most recent financial performance, where this part is explained by me. Q1 2025 compared to 2020, the difference is not very big, but the profit of the last US stock market is slightly different.

So this is almost the same, about two billion in a quarter, this is almost its level. Then the Maori portion 3, 92, then the gross profit margin is about 20, and the merged part is about 20. The profit margin is 2:67, which is really not good.

In addition, the revenue and expenditure part of this zero-eight fell by twenty-three parties, that is, I saved twenty-three parties. That is the main part is because we have some fee reduction, some commission reduction, etc. So this part has been reduced a lot. The pre-tax benefit of three forty-eight, of course, cut a little, but the manager of the post-tax increased by twenty-five. This is mainly a tax problem, in the Q1 of 2024, because we have a portion of the land, and then a unmarried allotment tax, which was deducted more than forty-four million in the last year.

This is probably the first quarter of this year's earnings per share at $0.12. This section also allows you to refer to the course of the profit rate. The gross profit rate is around 20, the profit rate is four, and the profit after tax is five. In fact, it can not be said that very good, but not bad.

The Q1 wedding soil in 2025 accounted for 68% of the cement, 19th floor, and 13th floor of the gypsum board. This is probably a structural structure. The part of the combined sale of the wedding soil is 440,000, then the cement to 1.150,000, not 1515,000. The part of the gypsum board is 3500, 3531,000.

That's actually what we've been doing in the past few years, and we've started reviewing our capacity and some of our equipment updates. That's why we've focused on adding and updating our equipment in our cement plant over the next few years. Especially since we've had some plans for our equipment for forty years. So we're going to expand our capacity. The biggest customers in our cement business group are our own pre-wedding soils. That's because we're actually expanding our pre-wedding plants in the next few years, and so on.

In addition to updating our existing equipment in the cement plant, we will continue to expand our equipment to meet the needs of our own downstream. We will also look for some land in some idle plant areas in our plant. We will make some customers vertically integrated. This possibility may be said to be a manufacturing and selling of some cement products that will be relevant to the layout. So this is a direction we will focus on in the next five years.

In fact, there have been some negatives in the construction industry recently. But in fact, we are in the south of Taiwan. Because there are also many public works that will be built in the south. We are especially in the former Tainan area of TSMC, but now we are moving to Kaohsiung.

We are also constantly looking for more ways to strengthen one of our pre-wedding pitches. That is also a direction we will continue to work on. That is often the case when we mention low carbon ratios, etc., we also have some product carbon filters and some related certifications. We will continue to follow this trend. We can see from this data that most of our customers are still building and plant, especially Kaohsiung, and we are probably the second largest supplier of TSMC.

In the second half of the year, we expect to see a slight recession. But in the second half of the year, we think we should have some growth. We are now adding some services to expand our gypsum board recycling. We are also starting to be a free recycling, but we are also starting to gradually introduce fees.

That said, for us, the recycling of the gypsum board is actually like many companies that now use this kind of resources, we will collect a small fee. That gypsum board is recycled and then we put it back into production again. This is also a new aspect of reducing the purchase of raw materials.

On the other hand, it is also in the cost of recycling, and some are an extra little but is an income. So in this regard, we also have to invest in research and development, because like abroad, this 100% gypsum recycling is a related technology. The gypsum board we recycle now is probably about 10 to 15% of the production. We also want to say that in the future this weight can be increased a little more.

I'm sorry, I'm just talking about 2000 to 3000 beds. Then they will be different from one of these products with high-levels and low-levels, ranging from $200 to $1000. That's what we're doing at the bottom of this traditional semiconductor testing facility, and we're continuing to promote it in the layout.

There is some good growth in this regard. It is also possible to see what is being done on the electronic skin. That is really what we are doing in the early stages with some robot manufacturers. But this is currently a focus on a future layout.

However, there are some ways to increase the cost of interest on the construction financing fee. There is also a relatively slowdown in the construction of this area. However, if there are related issues in the south, for example, TSMC and public works will be here for the next few years, and so on. So we don't expect to say that one of our Southern-based manufacturers will have too much impact.

So, in terms of supply capacity, we dare not say first but second and no problem. That is because we mainly do domestic markets. So we also have some progress in this place. So these tariff policies really don't have much impact on our company. So in the next two or three years, we will continue to carry out an update on the equipment.

And maybe there will be a layout for some new industries in the next two or three years. So I think we might not be too clear about the big environment. But the performance in this area should be enough for our company to say that it will not say that it will collapse and then continue to be a solid progress. That's probably the way it is at the moment.

We are now entering Q&A time. Welcome to invest in the advanced field. The company team will answer your questions as much as possible. Thank you, Mr. Lin. Now ask, the part you just mentioned that you may do some equipment updates, this part of which we will probably figure out what capital expenditure is.

Now we have to add two systems. One of our old ball molds is 40 years old. We are going to update it this time and make a new copy in the original way. This is almost 100 million. The other one we have to re-create a new model of interest is almost that. This is simply an old cement ink update and then set up a new cement ink.

So we will make a new cement ink update. So we will have three cement ink production equipment there. The old update that is called interest. The new set should be called Sanyi run away. At this point, it will probably add 400 million capital expenditures this year and this year we will see if we can make it at least one way to counter it by the end of the year.

We are doing the current forest production in the city to change to the industrial park of the industrial park of the industrial park what it was originally what was before the five-meter, 23-meter, 23-meter, agricultural land of the agricultural land to become the industrial park to become a total of tens of thousands of miles away from it, and to add to the 23-meter, in what place it was called what it was before there was a place called the Oriental Institute of Technology on the opposite side of it a long time ago, there was a new reading behind me.

It is not that we should be too different. We are mainly talking about gypsum boards, and they are basically based on the construction plant. In the case of pre-cast concrete, it should be that there is insufficient staff, so it is all good for shifts. So we basically focus in Kaohsiung is focus in the factory. But there are also Pingtung in the Tainan area, we basically focus in the construction case. Many of these construction companies are also the customers of our gypsum boards.

So it is possible to make an estimate of this. So thanks for your time, and we would like to thank you for your positive questions. We also welcome you to discuss this with our team at the meeting. We would like to thank you again for your detailed explanation of Global Cement Five Limited, and thank you for your participation in the investment.