We are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we will be pleased to announce that we will be pleased to announce that we will be pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we will be pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we will be pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased with you!

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for the afternoon session. Welcome to the third corporate briefing session of United Securities in 2025. I am the Deputy General Manager and Corporate Spokesperson of United Securities Finance. The briefing materials of the meeting will be uploaded to the exchange and the company's website after the meeting, and if necessary, welcome to download. Please note that this briefing may include forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations.

The actual results may differ significantly from our expectations, and the Company is not obligated to update these forward-looking statements in the future. If you have any questions, see the next page. First, let's make a brief statement about the global economic situation. In the first half of 2025, the global economic situation has undergone a complex dynamic development.

The U.S. Department of Labor data show that in July CPI 2.7%, core CPI climbed to 3.1%, down to nearly 6 months high, reflecting the gradual pressure on commodity prices. The U.S. Department of Labor data showed that in July CPI 2.7%, core CPI climbed to 3.1%, down to nearly 6 months high.

In terms of employment data, non-farm payrolls increased by 7.30,000 in July and the unemployment rate reached 4.2% in July, and businesses were impacted by tariffs, taking care of investment and expansion plans. The Fed in July considered the uncertainty of economic prospects, maintaining interest rates unchanged, and continuing to lean against Trump's claims for degradation. The U.S. Department of Commerce estimates that the GDP growth rate in the second quarter was 3%, which appears to be strong, but the main reason for this is due to a significant decrease in imports and is not a sign of good economic fundamentals.

At the same time, the large-scale U.S. dollar bill and the three cryptocurrency bills that mitigate corporate tax have created new challenges for the economy, but also for the expansion of the federal system. The subsequent AI exports and chip policies will not lead to a new round of economic and trade friction. Before verifying the economic benefits of the Trump model, the market is estimated to continue to fluctuate in the U.S. economy in a short period of time, and the side effects of the policy will bring down the economic outlook. Next, we pay attention to China.

However, the annual growth rate of China's total consumer retail consumption is only 3.7%, and the annual growth rate of the CPI in July is also struggling to maintain zero growth, indicating that the domestic demand market performance is not correct, and through the shrinkage of the existence. At the same time, the US-China tariff agreement has been delayed again 90 days, resulting in more uncertainty in the trade outlook.

Taiwan's economic growth rate has also risen to 4.5% last year, reflecting the rapid growth of the market demand for efficient computing and artificial intelligence and other related technologies, and reflecting the U.S. tariff policy-driven stockpile effect, further driving Taiwan's export growth. While Taiwan's economic data in July showed that manufacturing PMI index fell to 48, indicating the expected impact of tariffs on export prospects. However, July's monthly export growth rate reached 42%, with the largest growth rate in nearly 15 years.

Among them, electronic components and Ares' video products are particularly prominent, with a combined annual growth rate of 59.8%, reflecting the rapid rise in demand in the AI industry. In July, the CPI annual growth rate of 1.1 54% remained stable below the 2% inflation alert line, representing a mild growth in price levels.

Looking ahead to 2025's economic development, multi-country tariffs have been gradually revised and the outlook for the future has improved, and AI is using rapid expansion to provide long-term momentum for the Vanguard Technology industry. But Trump's government's requests for subtle changes are still driving global change, especially the actual tariff rigor will continue to put pressure on exporters. At the same time, the U.S. chip bill and tariff policy are also under market concern, which also implies the risk of the AI industry's layout.

In addition, the chairman of the federation, Paul, released his speech at the August conference in Jackson Ford, and the market is expected to cut interest rates once in September, but the subsequent policy direction will be highly dependent on economic data performance. The double pressure on employment and inflation will pose a challenge to the economic outlook. The company will take a rigorous attitude in the changing financial markets, measure investment efficiency and risk control, and carry out a more cautious investment layout in order to pursue a sound goal of long-term returns.

This page discloses the consolidated financial information for the second quarter of 2025. The total asset turnover was $178 billion and the debt was $163.36 billion, both of which were slightly increased earlier, mainly due to the decrease in operating sector and customer capital needs.

In the second quarter, stable revenue and monetary performance were $400 million, a total of $300 million and an overall EPS0.33. We saw the company's monetary performance in recent years, after the volatility of 2025, the company continued to strengthen its operating physique and grasp the economic recovery trend in 2023 and 2024. The operating physique also grasped the economic recovery trend in 2023 and 2024, and the revenue and currency have achieved remarkable results.

In the second quarter of 2025, we saw an increase in the economic market share of the company. In the second quarter of 2025, we continued to strengthen the electronic trading platform function, improve the use and satisfaction of the APP trading platform, focus on services and development of large-scale, medium-time customers, and promote a large number of freighter and resident strategies through foreign trade combinations and various marketing activities.

In the third quarter, the economic factors of the labor market and powder will bring variables to the Fed's interest rate policy, and the Social Roll Department will actively track the latest general circulation, adjust the trading strategy in a timely manner, and implement the liquidity risk management. We also see the underwriting business, the first half of 2025 underwriting business capacity is stable, but due to this year's underwriting case is more average, the underwriting market share ratio is slightly lower compared to the same period last year, the underwriting market layout will be slightly lower, the next half of the year will actively expand the market layout, and the IPO case submission review will continue, and the number of underwriting cases will be increased, and the market layout will be launched.

In addition to actively planning new business, we will continue to strengthen the system in the second half of the year to optimize the trading performance to cope with the continuous growth of trading volume, as well as the operation of our various business in the second quarter, which will explain the sustainable development of unified securities. On this page, we will report to you the main highlights of the sustainable development of unified securities in the first half of this year, this May, we will carry out a comprehensive greenhouse gas inventory and external verification, and achieve carbon reduction targets in advance. At the same time, we will be awarded the 1.5°C temperature control target certification mark by CommonWealth Magazine, demonstrating our climate action, in social responsibility, we continue to cooperate with public welfare organizations, practice CFR, and provide quality and stable customer service.

These honors are affirmation of the professional and sustainable commitment to uniform securities, encouraging us to continue to promote ESG, fully implement sustainable development, and create a solid and sustainable long-term value for investors and society.

If you want to ask questions, you can now click the chat option on the screen and enter your question. If you have any other questions, please contact our IR team and we will get back to you.