The following is a re-arranged, paragraph-by-word transcript: We welcome you to attend the second online corporate briefing session of United General Stocks Co., Ltd. in 2025. The financial and operational report for the first quarter of 2025 will be conducted today. The present speaker is Ms. Angeli, Vice President of United Securities Finance Department and the spokesperson of the company. After the briefing session, we will enter the Q&A session, and you are welcome to explain to write your questions.

The video files of the briefing session will be uploaded to the observatory website and the company website. You are welcome to download. Now, please speak to Ms. Angeli, Deputy General Manager and Spokesperson of the Corporate Affairs Department of Securities. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your kind afternoon. Welcome to the second briefing session of the Corporate Affairs Department of uniform securities in 2025. I am the Deputy General Manager and Spokesperson of the Corporate Finance Department of Securities Department of the Republic of China.

The presentation materials for this meeting will be uploaded to the Education Institute and our website. If you need them, please download. Please read our disclaimer before the meeting starts. Please note that this presentation may include forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our current expectations. Actual results may differ materially from our expectations.

You should evaluate the risks involved in making investment decisions by yourself. If you have any questions, see the next page. First, let's take a brief look at the global economy. Since the first quarter of 2025, the government has imposed tariffs on goods such as iron, carp, etc., and has put in place peer tariffs around the world, causing panic in the market.

The high level of uncertainty arising from tariffs has led to a significant increase in exports of supply chain systems. Commodities are imported into the United States ahead of time to avoid risks. Major central banks of the military are also tight nerves, and the full impact of tariffs on the body. The global economic growth rate of 2025 is down to 2.8%, down from 0.5%, according to the World Economic Exhibition (IMF) released in April 2025. This reflects the tension in global trade and will drag the future economic performance.

U.S. companies tightened their inventory, bringing import growth to 41.3% in the first quarter. A significant trade deficit has led the U.S. Department of Commerce to forecast a negative growth rate of 0.3% in the first quarter. The U.S. economy has fallen into a shrinkage of false recessions. According to the Labor Statistics Agency's April CPI annual growth rate of 2.3%, the three-month decline is seen.

In the non-farm employment population segment, about 17.7 million people were added in April, with nearly three months of new lows and an unemployment rate remaining at 4.2%. Show that the labor market remains stable. Under the influence of tariffs, the US economy remains thin ice.

Looking at the future economic development, both the United States and the United States have reached an economic agreement. The tide has eased the short-term economic pressure, but the peer tariffs have not yet ended. But in the end, pharmaceuticals are also on the watch list of additional taxes. If the tariff policies continue to increase, the price index will be pushed. In the context of economic slowdowns, the market is concerned about the stagnation of inflation, causing the US economy to worsen again.

According to the China National Bureau of Statistics, the annual GDP growth rate in the first quarter of 2025 was estimated at 5.4%, which is higher than market expectations. Mainly Chinese factories tightened production, exports, and goods before the trade restrictions came into force. Exports in the first quarter increased by 6.9% year-on-year. However, since the beginning of 2025, the U.S. has increased tariffs on China on ladders and the cumulative tax rate in April has reached amazing 14%.

In April, the China National Bureau of Statistics announced the PMI index of 49, which implicitly implies the impact of the US-China friction on the recession. In anticipation of the overall economic recession, the Chinese government announced a decline in interest rates in May.

At the same time, the United States and China reached a short-term trade consensus on 12 May. Only 30% of the U.S. will be suspended on other tariff projects, which will temporarily slow down China's economic dilemma.

At the end of April, the Lands Department announced the growth rate for the first quarter of 2025, with an inventory of 5.37%, which is the highest in nearly a year. The overall economy is hot. It mainly reflects the market demand for AI technology products and the client choice for pre-stocking in response to U.S. tariffs. The export annual growth rate in April also reached 29.9%.

However, in terms of the climatic lights that symbolize the atmosphere, the lights turned yellow in March 2025. The economy showed that while the economy remained expanding, the short-term climate is still subject to the risk of tariffs. At the same time, the PMI index of Taiwan's manufacturing industry fell to 48.9, which turned below the line of finance.

Economic development will be subject to the impact of tariffs. Ask about this year's economic development community's focus on U.S. regulators' economic policies. Mr. Trump has been proposing a US-first position since his tenure, with the intention of reshaping tariffs and using allied military aid as political wrists.

The Company will invest carefully and cautiously in the financial markets outside the country. The objective is to ensure long-term returns. The above is the most recent market overview. Before entering the operation and financial performance report of Uniform Securities, please explain the company to investors. The Company was established in 1988, and the number of employees as at the end of March 2025 reached 1,807.

The first quarter of 2025, the company's operation and financial performance report is disclosed on this page is the merger of financial disclosure information in the first quarter of 2025, with a total assets of $2109 billion. Both of the liabilities are called preliminary expansion, as the company gradually develops the business of intangible payments, so that the balance of assets and liabilities increase the profits and losses, please refer to the following page.

In the first quarter of 2025, global stock market volatility has been intensified by tariff uncertainty. The company has been impacted by domestic and foreign market revenues and the same period last year. In the first quarter of 2025, the revenue was 17.28 billion yuan, and the last loss of 63 million EPS per share was less than 0.05 yuan per quarter. Next, we saw the company's annual wave performance continued to strengthen its operating body after the volatility of 2022.

The next slide will explain the company's business development.

First, we saw the growth of economic business in the first quarter of 2025, the share of domestic securities and unlimited-use money lending, compared to the same period last year, this quarter continued to be carried out online and offline, the securities economy and financial management business, the marketing side with a comprehensive interactive mode to strengthen customer service management, while constantly optimizing the economy and recapitalization of trusts, as well as the addition of new functions such as Japan's stock retrieval, rice stock dividends and other functions, as well as enhancing the convenience of the temporary service of the platform. In terms of self-operating, in the first quarter of 2025, Trump tariff policy, AI supply chain shipments, and fees lower than market expectations.

In the first half of 2025, the delivery schedule is concentrated in the second quarter, underwriting progress planning, so that the market share of this quarter may decline slightly, the future quarter underwriting team will continue to contact potential companies to expand the intelligent fund-raising business in counseling to strengthen market layout. In the wealth management section, the asset size of a specific individual trust business is ranked fourth in the securities firm, the size of the trust assets is also growing from the same period last year.

In the past, we have been able to provide more flexible asset allocation to our clients. The above is our business unit, in the first quarter of the year, we will explain the sustainability profile of the unified securities, and then explain the sustainable development of sustainable development, actively respond to the actions of ESG in the implementation of environmental sustainability goals, we actively promote the implementation of energy-saving and carbon reduction measures, the introduction of the ISO-501 energy management system in 2024, and passed the SGS certification in October of this year, and further strengthen the energy management system in February this year, to achieve the SDG initiative of environmental sustainability, and continue to contribute to the Earth's sustainable development.

In 2025, the United Securities won three awards for the best sustainable promotion of securities, including financial management, financial management, and economic growth. The above is the presentation content of this legal meeting, thank you for your investment participation, we will return the time to the ceremony, this briefing is here to talk, if you want to ask questions, you can click on the chat option in the screen and enter your questions, we will complete the unified reply after finishing the Q&A session. If you have any questions, you can contact the company's IR team, and you can help us, thank you for your participation, and I wish you a good afternoon.