Welcome to join us today at the joint launch of the 2024 annual results conference. Today, in addition to the Taipei meeting guests, overseas investors and analysts will be held in the same way as the conference call and live broadcast. First, we introduce to you our management team. The chairman of the unified enterprise, Mr. Luo Zhixian, the general manager of the unified enterprise, Mr. Li Qingtian, Mr. Zhang Yuxin, the general manager of the unified industry, Mr. Xu Jincheng, and the vice president of the unified enterprise, Mr. Chen Guohui.

The first stage is the presentation time of the unified enterprise, in order to unified control of the industry and the general unity, the four companies explain the operation performance of the whole year 2024. The second stage is the Q&A time of Chairman Luo.

Let's start with a briefing on the results of the four companies. First of all, let's start with the unified enterprise control 2024 annual results. Well, let's start with the unified enterprise operating conditions in 2024. In 2024, our consolidated enterprise revenue combined Gross profit and consolidated profit were record high. In 2024, our consolidated revenue grew 13% year-on-year, with an average annual revenue growth rate of 8% year-on-year from 2019 to 2024. The consolidated gross profit grew 13% year-on-year and 13% year-on-year from 13% year on year on year, from 2019 to 2024, and our consolidated revenue growth rate of 8% year-on-year.

Our gross profit margin was 32.7% in 2024, representing an increase of 0.39 percentage points year-on-year. Our gross profit margin increased by 0.39 percentage points year-on-year. Including the unified enterprise control, the unified leading business Ne ents, and the unified industry gross profit margin rose year-on-year. The consolidated business profit of 338 billion, our consolidated revenue in 2024 led to a steady increase in gross profit, and the increase in gross profit was more than the expense, which led to our year-on-year consolidated profit growth of 18 percent.

In addition, the combined out-of-bounds revenue decreased by 116 million, mainly because there were two relatively significant one-off revenues in 2023, including the first being the Group's acquisition of the shareholdings of Garford on June 30, 2023 to measure profits, and the second was the unified central control in 2023 in line with the government's taking of the interests of the Turkish land collection. In 2024, we attributed our parent company's net profit to 206.7 billion, an increase of 12.7percent. EPS was $3.64, an increase of $0.14 per share.

The second double-digit growth is our packaging and gas business sector, with a combined revenue increase of 40percent each year, mainly benefiting from the steady growth of industrial enterprises to benefit from the order return of iron products 4percent growth, mainly the unified centralized beverage business to maintain stable growth, stable growth trend, and then to the next page. From the perspective of the business interests of the four major business units, the business benefits of the four divisions in 2024, including the food and food sector, we can see that this share of its business ratio of 34percent in 2023, which has increased to 40percent in this year.

In addition, the operating profit of the packaging container business is increased by 99percent year-on-year, mainly the iron product sales growth of the unified industry, and the filling business of the beverage steady growth. In addition, the operating profit of the convenience store and circulation business increased by 4percent year-on-year, including Taiwan's unified supermarket, the Philippines' 7-11, and the unified life, etc., and the gross profit of the exhibition store has also increased by year-on-year. The next project is that this business profit increased by 99percent year-on-year, and the next page.

You can also see our ROE.

The following page explains the cash flow statement. The net cash flow statement from business activities in 2024 reached 784 million. An increase of 5.3 billion compared to the same period last year.

It was a decrease from 2023. It was because of the acquisition of the equity interest in Jiafu in 2023. In addition, the capital expenditure was 386 million. It included expenses such as the land and equipment of large logistics centers. The net cash flow of financial activities was about 40 billion.

The cash dividend is 1.7 billion. At the end of 2024, the cash is 1004 billion. Next, we will explain the unified enterprise. The unified enterprise from the point of view of the single enterprise's main profit contribution. The unified enterprise's operating profit is 24.500 million in 2024.

This is mainly due to the unification of the company's shareholding in the family welfare in 2023. This is not the case from the perspective of measuring profits in 2024. Then, if you see the growth of this subsidiary that contributes to the growth of the investment income, including the unification of the blue union industry and the unification of the international, etc. The top ten investment income subsidiaries contribute a total of 174 million.

The company maintains a stable cash dividend distribution. The cumulative dividend distribution is $85.3 for 42 consecutive years. The cumulative earnings distribution rate is 102%.

Unification recorded a record high in revenue and profit in 2024. Revenue was RMB303 billion. It entered a new milestone. Revenue grew by 6.1% year-on-year. Gross profit also broke the record high.

Gross profit margin increased by 13.3%. Gross profit margin increased by 2 percentage points. Mainly due to the increase in raw material prices and product structural optimisation. Operating profit increased by 12.4% year-on-year. Annual operating expenses were about 25.9%. A slight increase of 0.2% year-on-year.

The increase in sales and marketing expenditures was mainly due to the continuous investment in brand building and channel assets refrigerator depreciation. Net profit was RMB18.49 billion in 2024. Growth of 10.9% year-on-year. If we restore the one-time revenue ratio of the hefei fee in 2023, net profit was 31.8% year-on-year. The core net profit margin increased by 1.2%. EPS was 42.81 points.

The Board of Directors recommends that the cash dividend of 2024 is 42. 81 points per share. The shareholders' meeting resolution is pending. Next, we will see the operational performance of others in our department. In the blue part is our food. Food revenue in 2024 is $99.98 billion.

YOY 1.5% growth. Yellow 2020 to 2024 has a compound annual growth rate of more than 100%. We focus on the taste of onion beef. In 2024 we also have double-digit growth.

The net profit of the food sector was 2.9%. The net profit was 250% year-on-year. The net interest rate was 2.7%. It was the highest in nearly four years. The part of the orange is the beverage sector. The revenue of the drinks in 2024 was 192.4 billion yuan.

Net profit 2.3 billion before sector tax. Increased by 21.6% year-on-year. Net interest rate 12.2%. Is the highest in nearly three years. Go to the next page for further instructions on drinks. Green part is 85.700 million tea.

45% of revenue from beverages. Revenue grew 13% year-on-year. Includes our unified green tea layout with low sugar-free dual-products. Unified green tea promotes product upgrade optimization. Unified green tea highlights product differentiation competitiveness. Both of them have double-digit revenue growth.

The green part is tea drink 85.700 million. Green part is milk tea. In 2024, revenue of 64 million. accounting for 33% of the total beverage revenue.

Achieve results in the lower city. Fourth quarter and began to lay off the sugar-free track. In addition, according to the trend of the market, the Westfield milk tea was also launched. The revenue continued to grow steadily. The blue juice was 3.6 billion. It grew about 6% year-on-year.

Including the Rock of the Sea of Ice Sugar Sydney has double-digit growth. Then to the next balance sheet. At the end of 2024, total assets RMB 23,3 billion. Cash and monthly cash are 1.2 billion. Borrowing without lease debt is 200 million. It is lower than last year.

The main reason is that short-term working capital is relatively sufficient to repay bank loans. In addition, we can see that our ROE is 13.8%. It is also a record high. Next, we will explain the cash flow statement. The cash flow of the ongoing balance sheet generated by operating activities in 2024 is about 4.4 billion.

The net outflow of investment activities is about 2 billion. The capital expenditure is about 700 million. The main reason is to continue to invest in refrigeration financing activities out of about 2.7 billion. The issuance of cash encourages $18.70 billion. It is an increase of 400 million compared to 2023. Finally, we see that cash encourages the unification of the CCP to encourage distribution rates to be more than 100% for 7 consecutive years.

From the blue trend line, we can also see that the amount of encouragement for distribution has also maintained a steady growth trend in 2024. Thank you. Next, we would like to explain the annual results of Unitech 2024.

First, the consolidated watermark inspection report consolidated revenue for 2024 was NT$44859 million. Revenue increased 27.30% over the same period. The increase in revenue came from our company's main product positive operating results. Iron products from last year's recession to growth beverage packaging continued to grow steadily.

Growth in gross profit and business profit is due to higher operating capacity utilization. Net profit attributable to the parent company is NT$1.53,200 million.

Overall, we saw a record high in operating revenues in 2024. Revenues were high. Profits were also significantly higher than the same period. The combined revenues were high. Profits were also significantly higher than the same period.

Consolidated revenues are high. Profits are also growing significantly over the same period. Next, report department revenues. The performance of revenues is divided into two main products of the Company.

The first iron product revenue grew by 43.38%. Mainly because of the decline of our iron products from the same period of time.

In addition, the marketing package is in addition to the group's stable orders. The orders of external customers are also growing. The overall operation is stable. Revenue growth is 12.84%. Next, the sales of the products are reported.

We look at two products in the same way. Iron products sales increased by 50.58% in 2024. This is mainly due to the demand for customer inventory responses to the market.

In addition, the sales of beverage packaging grew by 13.12 per cent over the same period. Under the trend of stable growth in the beverage market, the sales of the group and external customers increased in the region. Next, the report department's pre-tax profit. We can see a significant improvement in the pre-tax profit for iron products in 2024 compared to the same period. Although the average price is slightly lower than the same period.

Mainly because the price of steel raw materials is still low in this year. However, thanks to the significant increase in sales just mentioned, it has also led to a follow-up increase. Profits have been made throughout the year.

In addition, the pre-tax profits of beverage packaging are also growing over the same period. Mainly benefit from increased demand for beverages. The group and external customer orders are driven by mutual growth. Also further promote the performance of mutual benefit.

The overall financial structure is stable and healthy. The overall financial structure is stable and healthy. Then report on the cash flow statement. Cash at the end of 2024 has increased by NT$430 million over the same period. The overall cash flow is abundant.

The total cash flow is abundant. The policy of reporting dividends. Unified dividend policy in October. If the year is profitable, the statutory surplus of 10% is calculated according to the law and the amount of the special surplus is listed or transferred. The remaining surplus is the surplus that the shareholders of the year can allocate.

The Gold Board of Directors approved the approval of the approval of the approval of a cash dividend of NT$0.97 per share. This part of the resolution of the shareholders' meeting this year can be issued. The above is a unified October report. Thank you.

Next, we will report on the results of the consolidated 2024 performance. Next, we will first report on the consolidated revenue and profitability. The consolidated revenue in 2024 is slightly lower than in 2023.

The main reason is to reflect the decline in international soybean raw material prices, leading to a decline in domestic product prices. However, despite the decrease in revenues, last year's domestic economic situation is quite good, so it can be said that the demand is quite stable. The decline in the price of the product is lower than the decline in raw material costs.

This figure can be said to be one of the highest earnings since the company's establishment, which belongs to the parent company's net profit of more than 300 million EPS is 8.24 yuan. Next, look at the consolidated balance sheet section. At the end of 2024, the cash level was about 2.2 billion compared to the previous year, an increase of 600 million. The main reason for the increase is mainly because of the increase in accumulation of surplus, the total assets is $9.3 billion and compared with the previous year, the increase in the amount of increase in cash is mainly due to the increase in investment companies to increase their operating growth in the warehouse equipment, while the ratio of total assets is maintained at about 1% for two years.

Next. Take a look at the consolidated cash flow statement. As a result of stable profitability, we can maintain a steady cash flow. In 2024, cash flow from operating activities was around 2.1 billion. In recent years, capital expenditures, including investment activities, generate cash flow from 2007 million capital expenditures, because our company does not have some significant investment projects, so the number of words compared with the earlier ones is not large, and the investment activity is mainly used to pay cash dividends from 2024 is 1.1 billion 60,000 million dollars compared with the earlier ones, mainly because we raised to 6 pieces per share in the previous year.

The following is the collated paragraph type transcript:. Consolidated the above changes, the current financial situation is the same. By the end of 2024, the cash has increased by 600 million and the balance is 2.2 million. Next. Next, see the profit situation of Datong's individual for 10 years.

In the past five years from 2020 to 2024, the profit level has been raised to about 1.5 billion. So the previous year 2024 tax experience was a new record high of 1.5 billion million. Next. Next. Look at each year's interest rate situation.

In 2024, the earnings per share was $8.24, then you were allocated a cash dividend of $7 per share. The earnings per share will then be reported to the Shareholders General Meeting. From the above picture, we can see that in the chart, the green pillar represents the earnings per share. We can see that from 2015 to 2019, the earnings per share remained between $5 to 6, and since 2020, the earnings per share steadily increased to more than $7 per share.

In addition, in terms of dividend policy, for the past 10 years, we have always adhered to the principle of stable distribution of cash dividends. From 2015 to 2019, we were continuously disbursing $5 cash dividends. From 2020 to 2022, the cash dividends reached $6 per share for three consecutive years. In 2023, we further increased to 6 pieces of 6 per share.6

In addition, the chart below is temporarily our dividend distribution rate, which shows that over the past 10 years our dividend distribution rate has remained above 70%. If it is an average of 10 years, it reaches 15%. Next.

The last page to illustrate our consolidated shareholders' equity situation. Last year, our shareholders' equity return was 24%, a slight increase from the previous year. From this chart, it can be seen that over the past 10 years, the consolidated shareholders' equity return has been maintained at least 20%.

In the future, the Group will be able to use it, in our observation of the digital economy is a relatively mature business model. But even the e-commerce, we can see that through the evolution of digital, especially the continuous progress of artificial intelligence, he can be called to change the whole business model very quickly. So for the Group, the first part of this year we put in this e-commerce is to give our group the opportunity to further understand the path of this digital economy and the logic of his business.

In the past, many of his environmental factors have some uncertain factors, so hindering the development of these operations. Therefore, with the outside world very much expected to say what we will do in the future or a lot of actions, this part of our conscience is still in the learning stage. But I believe that in the group to provide them with a very stable and stable environment, their intelligence and their own foundation can be released slowly.

Another policy that encourages encouragement is basically that we have a very robust policy that we can expect. On the one hand, of course, it depends on the future development of our group, and he needs to reserve some money. On the other hand, we can also see that the whole economic situation will be more and more uncertain, so it is important to build some strength for the whole group.

In Taiwan, there are many areas in the service, but I think there are many areas in Taiwan that our group can continue to intensify the investment. Therefore, we take into account the investor's expectations, provide a policy that can be quite predictable a future cash flow, and on the one hand, we can quickly take action when the financial capacity of the group is strong.

The chairman and the management team are good, the chairman and the management team are good, here are two questions to ask the chairman. This is what we see in the home part of Lok Fu, has gone through a year of time integration, this year in March, the family welfare here is also announced is from September, the accumulation of the entire member to open point of an accumulation, hoping to expand the entire member of an ecosystem.

A growth of 8% to 12% is a reasonable growth. I would like to ask the chairman. The current idea is not the same as a performance that can be applied to the control this year.

In the past, we have also continued to emphasize. The improvement of the whole product power. It can bring an improvement of the entire vitality. Of course, in the second half of 2024. We have made it easy for this product line. We have seen the production of benefits.

We can't wait for the future. We can't wait for it. Through a product power boost, we drive the growth of the entire central control profit here. It can be better than the growth of the revenue. Thank you. Well, this is about the economy of points.

This is a great place to be, and we are looking forward to it, and it is a great place to be, and it is a great place to be.

That's right. Every company has its own points. But through this group of integration, we can keep consumers more choice. It can leave the original points.

It is used in a particular channel or channel. But it can also be used in the same way as exchange rates. It is used in the group. Even we are now in the process of joining. Many outside businesses.

Because there is no such thing as a gateway to the point economy. It is only a token, so it is more convenient to use it. The smoother the word, the more consumers are willing to use it. And more importantly, it is the point.

It is not limited to certain occasions or opportunities to use it, but can be used anytime, anywhere. This is a goal that we are looking forward to.

It's a steady growth. That's the hope of keeping an 8% to 12%. That's what it looks like right now. The part of this drink usually exceeds what we expect. But we still have a lot of control inside. And we don't want it to run too fast.

Or, if he wants to be a part of the food, he will have a very strong movement, but it is a very strong creation, and we are talking about this part of the food.

It is relatively challenging. Because food is very focused on the ability to season. That is, if the product is not able to do one. A very prominent taste above the word. In fact, it is easy to fall into the competition of the price.

He is not able to buy food. If he buys food, he can buy it on the market. If he does it on his own, so the challenge is that we want to be able to do it on his own.

There is no reason to do this, so this part of the word is. It is constantly challenging. There is no ceiling right or wrong, and there is no way to break through this kind of thank you. Well, on the spot, there is still a guest who needs to ask questions.

The first question is about Southeast Asia. Our food business has been in Southeast Asia for a while. That is just curious from the perspective of the whole group. For the future of Southeast Asia, there is no expectation of growth.

The Philippines 7-11 is a good place to run in the area. After seeing Taiwan integrating retail business together in the years to come, there is no hope of a similar model. Bringing Taiwan's own brand to the southeast is a problem. The second question is about retail. The environmental costs of domestic retail in these years have increased a lot.

Investors can also be concerned about whether the profit margin of a unified superstore is a little stressful. So I would like to know how to stand out from the group. What do you think about the development of the entire Taiwan retail industry? What is the model for how to respond to environmental costs? The third is the question of information.

That's just a curiosity that we can't share with you. It's what our AI implementation has achieved within the group. There's no expectation of what the future of external income is going to be. Thank you for your understanding about the development of Southeast Asia. This part I believe is clear.

It seems like a bit of a misconception. Although I have invested a lot of power, the results I have received are not disproportionate. So we have changed an idea from last year. That's it. We started to build a local team very positively.

We have been commanded to do good, and to do good, and to do evil, and to do evil, and to do evil, and to do evil, and to do evil, and to do good; and to do evil, and to do evil, and to do evil, and to do good, and to do evil, and to do good.

But this is not the case. This must be the first quantity to come from the job search. So now we are talking about this operation in Southeast Asia, and we are talking about it every week.

Every prayer is a prayer to the Lord, a prayer to the Lord, a prayer to the Lord, a prayer to the Lord, a prayer to the Lord, and a prayer to the Lord.

But there's only one right. The whole organization's operations will improve. So I'm pretty optimistic about this part. Let's say we've changed some of the methods. There should be some pretty good breakthroughs. The development of the retail industry.

You just mentioned these problems. It's not a problem. It's a common question. If we put this question into a so-called systemic problem, what is the systemic problem?

This is not a problem, this is a problem we all face. The problem we all face is basically not the problem. This test is our ability to adapt in this environment. That's why we talk about this part.

I want to say that the retail industry is basically speaking, basically speaking, he still has a considerable space, in the flow, to talk about the new above, he can still continue to breakthrough.

That by the way, you just said that. This is the Philippines 7-11. The Philippines 7-11 is talking about it. Because it's the whole industry now. He's a little different. It's after the pandemic.

This is our place in the Philippines.

That is why we now assume that we are simply talking about convenience store systems, our market share is over 85% faster. So we now expand the scope and put some small supermarkets together to calculate, so that we don't have that much to highlight. That's an average of 60 percent later. So in this case, our life operations in the Philippines's current development is that his policy is to cut off quickly. Because there is so much space, such as Taiwan's many innovative retail models, and in the end is the right opportunity, he is just a tunnel to make, that you can have so many choices, you can simply put in a few stores, change some of our other brands, or next to his store, this is very important and not difficult for us to say.

If you want to ask questions, please click 1 star 1, cancel to ask the rice star 2 star 2. If you want to ask questions, the first question is whether the ICC, the first question is whether the chairman of the board of directors, the chairman of the board of directors of the board of directors of the board of directors of the board of directors of the board of directors of the board of directors of the board of directors of the board of directors of the board of directors of directors of the board of directors of directors of the board of directors of directors of directors of the board of directors of directors of the board of directors of directors of directors of the board of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of the board of directors of directors of directors of directors of the board of directors of directors of directors of directors of the board of directors of directors, the board of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of the board of directors of the board of directors of directors of the boards of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of the board of directors of directors of directors of directors of the board of directors of directors of the board of directors of directors of the boards of directors of the boards of the boards of the boards of the boards of the boards of the boards of the boards of directors of directors of the boards of directors of directors of directors of the boards of directors of directors of the boards of directors of directors of directors of the boards of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of the boards of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of the boards of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors of directors

The second question is to ask, from this point of view of the product we look at, our market strategy and push new products in the past relatively stable, the past also proved very successful, such as we push the convenient noodles, of course, on the other hand we are part of the rapid growth of the new circuit, such as like sugar-free tea and electrolyte drinks, we are also very good products, but in terms of promotion speed, we take into account the factors of market competition, may want to control the promotion speed, but may be some other friends promotion process is more aggressive, I would like to ask, we in the new product promotion, in a rapid growth in a good balance, the above two questions are very important.

As I have just said, we are very small in the market, so this is what we call new products our 30 years old products for the market is in most places or new products, because we have never seen or need to see again, because many products in its choice of the new consumers we are also constantly working hard, so these years we have been making continuous improvement of our own product power so that consumers have a better comparison base and choice above, so basically we have been in the market for the past we have been going to our own way in the past. If you are looking for a solution to your problem, you may be looking for a solution to your problem. If you are looking for a solution to your problem, you may be looking for a solution to your problem. If you are looking for a solution to your problem, you may be looking for a solution to your problem. If you are looking for a solution to your problem, please contact us. If you are looking for a solution to your problem, please contact us. If you are looking for a solution to your problem, please contact us. If you are looking for a solution to your problem, please contact us. Shang please ask the management, I would like to ask the main and central control of this problem is mainly in this tea drink last year we actually have a very bright double-digit growth not only the sugar-free tea last year began to have a good contribution of that year's words we are here there is some kind of strategy, then how to grasp this investment, including the resource allocation may be sugar-free tea and sugar-free tea how to balance the management to answer us thank you this year's mainland China may start two years ago the so-called sugar-free tea actually in the tea process is very challenging part because the sugar-dispersed you will be able to get your attention to the fire like a good chicken soup can not see a bit of this is very difficult, so no sugar-free tea really think that we are all the real protagonists in all the marketing activities.

It has to go through the test of time. The last thing that can actually exist is a word of mouth. That word of mouth is your product strength. So put together the same row of sugar-free tea. You need to drink slowly, or you can drink some flavor.

But these tastes may be related to the ability of research and development. It may take years. It can do a little breakthrough. This situation is especially in the e-commerce business. E-commerce business will be particularly obvious. Because e-commerce is a sales act without contact.

So the product of e-commerce should be durable. In the end, it must be based on word of mouth. There is also a consumer experience. It is not like we are on the road. Sometimes the lady next to you will give you an stimulus.

You bought something you probably didn't want. E-commerce doesn't have this. E-commerce also has a return mechanism, so your commodity power is long. If you can't afford to test it, you can't survive.

So let's talk about it in this case. It's only constantly on top of the product development. Keep trying to continue to work on it. You just mentioned it. In the past two years, we've talked about tea on top. There are some achievements.

That is to say, our group is on top of the tea drink. The basis itself is not good, so the above mentioned in the development. We can have a pretty good condition, but this can not be satisfied, or there are many places that need to work.

How to make sugar-free tea drink more smooth. More importantly, after a while. It can also be the same smoothie. This is a very big challenge. We are constantly working on it.

Thank you. Please ask the online host. Is there an advance in the online investment that needs to be asked? Yes. We have the next Haitong Zhang Yixuan to ask.

Mr. Luo is good. The manager is good. I'm an analyst at Haitong Securities Zhang Yixuan. I'm also happy to have such an opportunity to ask such a question.

He is the one who hears the words of wisdom and the words of wisdom, and the words of wisdom, and the words of wisdom, and the words of wisdom, and the words of wisdom, and the words of wisdom, and the words of wisdom, and the words of wisdom, and the words of wisdom, and the meditation of understanding.

Like last year's chairman, we also mentioned this milestone. Then we put control here last year was also a start-up. And it was a good result. Including this year for the whole 25 years. In fact, the sugar-free tea product line also has some expansion. Then on the one hand, we did unify control in the green tea category.

In fact, there is still a strong brand awareness. Then on the other hand, we see the whole continent now. Sugar-free tea is a very good product. This is the beginning. I want to ask the chairman. We actually sold most of the sugar-free tea last year.

So this year and next year, we want this sugar-free tea to be how to go at this pace. It is a desire to be smoother or a small step fast. Or want to be like, for example, can be a huge popular. Then just the chairman also mentioned. This sugar-free tea is a product that is a great product. Can't ask the chairman to share it as well.

This is what we have done in the last few years. This is the first question. Is there any progress in this product today? This is the first question. I would like to introduce the chairman of the board.

I'd like to answer that question first. It's about tea. It's really tea. It's probably the same as the light rain, so I remember to report this to you before. In fact, sugar-free tea is all over the market.

It was our first launch. We launched in 2006. The problem was that the market was too loneliness. People also became lonesome. So it didn't work. Until last year suddenly the sky was raining.

We have sinned, we have sinned, we have committed iniquity, we have committed iniquity, we have sinned, we have committed iniquity, we have sinned, we have committed iniquity, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have committed iniquity, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have committed iniquity, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned, we have sinned.

In the market of mainland China, there is such a large market. Perseverance and endurance is a very important element. Those two have nothing to do with the profession. This is a personal repair problem.

We have a good foundation in Taiwan, so it is never too late now. Now we are trying to pursue it. Of course, in sugar-free tea, like I just reported.

Before, we could have seasonings. Or with sugar. To cover up some of our technically inadequacies. Now. Real gold silver.

There is no such thing as a righteous person, but a righteous person is a righteous person, and a righteous person is a righteous person, and a righteous person is a righteous person.

This is what it takes to practice well. This is the part that we speak of. We have a lot of advantages, but we find a lot of inadequacies, so this part we are going to continue to develop.

I don't know. Because everyone's standards are not the same. To me, it's the two words that stabilize. It's the one that makes stability small. Some people are positive.

Some people are moving forward. I don't know what your expectations are. That's still a summary of what I just wanted. That's what I want our organization to be.

But now I feel like the whole environment is 12%. It may be a little too positive. Maybe we don't need it. We adjust it to 6 to 8%. It's solid. That's more than 8%.

If we are truly healthy, we will come to the project. That is normal. We will keep it in this steady progress. Because our branch will grow bigger and bigger. Let's assume that we are strong growth.

Even the absolute value of what you can create in five percent of a year is also considerable. But more importantly, this denominator you create is not good quality. It is more important. So this is what we do.

I don't know if this definition is consistent with your expectations.

There are two other questions I would like to ask myself. In addition to sugar-free frying, I also see that this plant tea in the mainland market seems to be accelerating. This includes those such as barley tea, including a variety of 100% pure juices, and the sound of the market is also magnified. Then we have been united with the CCP and there is this 100% NFC juice, and then there is this golden tea in our group system. I don't know how the chairman thinks about the development of this plant machine's drink, and then includes that we will not develop or introduce the health tea in the future.

That's why in the past few years, it seems like we've been worried about the sugar-free division of this sugar-free drink, but it hasn't looked like it's been that way since the last two years. Including our own sugar-free tea drink is also growing fast, and then it's also seeing that this coke carbonate is also recovering in the second half of last year. So also want to hear what the Chairman has to say about our future sugar-free drinks, including where we have our sugar-free drinks in the future. Thanks, Mr. Good, I just answered you about sugar- and sugar-free drinks.

So now that the market is very popular without sugar tea, we are going to look at the whole sugar usage that is not just a market in the world. Now everyone is talking about what is healthy, but we all know that sugar usage is not just a market in which everyone is talking about what is healthy. At present, it is not surprising that the sugar usage of the world is constantly increasing, so where do we go? So this is often a blind point is that when we find something, we will kill everything else that exists temporarily. So I personally think there is a track, there may be some replacement in it, but at least it does not seem to be conflicting.

It's strange to me, so I think there's a so-called abdomen, and you can't make it too sweet or sweet today. You can't make it so sweet or so sweet today. You can't make it because it's not so sweet. Eating well in your mouth or the most important element because you won't abuse yourself with something that you don't drink well in your body. So I think you should be able to incorporate it in this part. So you just mentioned some health drinks, you just have a little contradiction, and you just said that you don't want to develop this product, so it's a problem. This question seems like it already exists, but in terms of resource allocation, I can only say that we have this product, but at this stage we don't take too much time to make it very easy to grow.

But we don't expect it to grow very quickly because it belongs to a particular group, so we're still on top of a big class, because it's a simple counting problem. In a year with billions of categories, this is not necessary to go to education, it's already in the market, if you work a little bit you can be a little bit different from the market, even a percentage of two percent, then the absolute value of it may be more than you at this stage to educate consumers this so-called health product, I think it's a bit pragmatic.

OK If there are still people who have questions online, you can access them online. No problem, we have Gomen Sex Chung Hongda on-line, please ask. Hey can you hear me. Yes. Thanks to the management for the opportunity to ask.

The first is to mention that the market is really big, we want to stick to our own path, and we want the management to share more. If you look at this space for a long time, we should be spending a lot of effort on what we can do now or what we can do to keep the market share of this noodle and beverage in this case to avoid some competition. The second question is because we actually see this limited tea shop now, but also launched a lot of this category, as well as a lower price belt product, I want to understand, because from the perspective of consumer consumption, as well as the potential competitors in the beverage industry, how we think about the section of this RTD drink, now this industry stage and the certainty of the future growth.

I think we are working hard to do this, that in this market, we see a very interesting phenomenon, that is.

There is no better way to do it than to do it, to do it, to do it, to do it, to do it, to do it, to do it, and to do it; to do it, to do it, only to do it, and to do it.

The bigger the East, the more it is sold. The lower the price, the more it is sold. This is how it can last.

So we think about it, in different scenarios, consumers for one, the most practical amount, how much we think about it.

So even green tea, my colleagues told me that China is popular now, drink a litre of water, this is just the beginning I'm opposed to.

Because. Our doctor. The mind of the doctor. The doctor also advised us to drink 1,500 cc a day. I have one tea. I drink two-thirds of my tea.

"I will drink from the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and I will bring forth fruit from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and I will bring forth fruit from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and I will bring forth fruit from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil."

And he said unto them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these, ye have done it unto one of the least of these, ye have done it unto one of the least of these, ye have done it unto me.

Different products. Different moods. The same product. The same product. It may have different expressions. This is actually the most challenging place for us to market.

So sometimes, it's not that the product itself is a problem, it's that the product is running wrong, it's that time running wrong, he can't express it.

This part of us is really the most important. We need to work harder to locate it in a clear place. That is, if the position is clear. I said a lot of waste actions before. It is natural. It does not exist.

There will also be an appropriate remuneration. Well, thanks. Well, I'm here from the e-questioning system. There are also some questions. One of them is an investment advanced. Ask for unity this year.

The operation has resumed growth. One of the departments of the Mascot discs is a year. The fluctuations are relatively large. There is no one in the company. There is no one in the company. A strategy to adjust such operating structures. That and cooperation is the CCP.

And the drink of the wine of the LORD shall be poured out, and the wine of the LORD shall be poured out, and the wine of the LORD shall be with him, and the wine of the LORD shall be with him: and the wine of the LORD shall be with him, and the wine of the LORD shall be with him: and the wine of the LORD shall be with him, and the wine of the LORD shall be with him.

We also have two businesses at once. One is the Iron Division. One is the Beverage Division. The Drink Division speaks for itself. The investment is advanced and we are now.

We have to think about this, we have to grow up, we have to grow up, we have to grow up, we have to talk about history, we have to keep growing at high speed every year.

"This is our heritage, and our heritage, and our heritage, and our heritage, and our heritage, and our heritage, and our heritage, and our heritage, and our heritage, and our heritage, and our heritage, and our heritage," he said.

"We are afraid of what we can do," he said, "and we are afraid of what we can do, or we are afraid of what we can do, or we are afraid of what we can do, or we are afraid of what we can do."

This is the part of the iron that we have experienced over the years, the part of the iron is completely out of our control, because the iron is basically a raw material.

It follows the world. Let's go. So many investors don't understand. Run and ask us. We don't understand. It's hard to explain why the same iron.

Last year sold ten dollars. This year can sell twenty dollars. Then next year there are only two dollars. We can't explain it. It's a question of supply and demand all over the world.

Find this structure of the iron. Let's make an adjustment. So the company has recently started to add value. The relatively high part of the iron. Let's start to make this possible.

Pure material goods. More refined. Such a thing. Let's take control. It can be a little higher. Of course, it takes time.

But our Division of Drinks. Can provide the necessary energy. Come to help our Division of Iron. Enough time and space. Do the necessary adjustments. Thank you.

There is another question here about Kumazu. This year, Kumazu in South Korea. Construction of logistics centers and acquisition of water plants. That logistics center. What is the current progress and how much can be expected in the future.

The water plant is expected every year. How much can you contribute to the benefits of Kumamoto. And the product of this water plant. Is it possible. Whether it is for South Korea only. Recently, we have seen Kumamoto products.

In Taiwan and the Chinese Communist Party. The future of the group is not through Kumzu. A engine to drive healthy drinks. Our logistics center. I hate that we all know. We operate.

So now that I've been asked, when is the time to start running? It's officially started to run. It's October this year, and we're starting to run normally. It's very smooth now.

This is because we do our part within ourselves, that is. Outsourcing business now becomes our own. Doing it internally, so on the one hand, on the expense efficiency above. It is a lot of help.

That part of the water plant, we now use the whole water plant, about 20%, but we don't worry about this part, because the water plant has it.

It is South Korea. Four. Government certified. Very good water source. One place.

We are very fortunate to have this water source in our area.

We also hope that we can also slowly extend the land around us, because the water is very precious, and that we can do a lot of things in the future. The pollution of the water we have to do an extension, the best way is to clean up the water near the water plant, so we continue to do this. The water plant that we see now is not a single production capacity, we value it, because the good water in the future is very scarce, so we are even planning to use the good water in other markets in the future to start as a center of supply.

In the planning of logistics, we now plan to have three different levels of logistics, one called big logistics one called small logistics, the big logistics is that we want more than a billion million dollars, but this long-term benefit is very significant. One of the advantages of logistics is that in the middle of the logistics is that in the future, the big logistics he does not want to go to a new place after each time, it is very difficult to find a new place to move. Because moving a place is not just about changing things and things change, it is also a problem for many employees to work at home, especially in the lack of manpower, so now we have a few large logistics centers in the construction of the whole country, we will arrange five to six such large logistics centers.

This is a very important part of our logistics system. The current logistics system can only deal with a temperature level that we are constantly freezing, we are all goods and even our logistics are now entering the so-called medical logistics. This part requires a very dense operating system and is subject to government review, but some of our units have begun to be licensed, so we hope that this logistics system will be used as our own future and hope to play some social functions. Thank you here for sharing the convenience of Luodong, and for talking about the investment amount, it may not be a part of a short two-year capital planning system.

That's okay, because we've also got to go to the last question and someone else needs to ask, I've got a question online.

I think we don't have a lot of mergers, usually to integrate a company's money will take a long time, so I don't think it may be the media's friends to talk about the same case a few times, so we feel that we are daily mergers and acquisitions, in fact, there is really a big need for this enterprise integration, and this is a good thing that we have never done malicious mergers and acquisitions, so it is a good thing that we really need to have this opportunity, but also a certain fate. Well, the online host ask the person who needs to ask questions? There are no other questions online, thank you.

Thank you very much for your continued support and encouragement, and we hope that under this foundation, we will have better results every year to respond to your expectations. Thank you again for taking the time to spend the afternoon with us, and wish you all a happy and healthy family.