We welcome you to the Taishin Paper today. It is also our pleasure to invite the Tailong Industry Congressional Game Company to be the guest speaker at today's legal meeting. Today, we will be briefing you on the industry conditions, operating results and future negotiations of Tailong.

The first one is Mr. Zhou Zhongming Zhou. Next, Mr. Fang Yuqing Finance Manager and Mr. Wang Rongfu. Next, we will hand over the time to Tailong. Thank you for attending the first corporate briefing session of the Tailong Industry Congress in 114 years.

First read the disclaimer, a word may contain a reference to a future statement based on expectations of the current situation, but is subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, so the actual results may be significantly different from a statement of the future.

The first part of our company introduction. The Tailong industry was established in Taiwan in 58 years, and the current qualification may be NT$17,700 million. We are located in Taipei Fishermen County, where our food factory is located in Huwei Town, Fishermen County, Kaohsiung City.

The second part is sugar products, including fruit sugar, maltose and sugar cane sugar. The third part is related products of corn starch. The company's summary of the company's product portfolio in the first quarter of 114, which accounts for about 22% of the total, 28% of the total sugar products, 10% of the corn starch products, 40% of the total product of corn starch.

The first quarter of this year's US stock market was a loss of 0.1 1 and the same period last year's 0.229 difference. As for figures, please refer to this table shows that the cost of US stock market is 10.1%, which is a comparison of our operating income, gross profit and profit combined with the first quarter of 113 in the year, which is our profit and loss.

In the future, we hope to continue to integrate sustainability goals into the company's strategy to strengthen the physical and toughness of Taichung, and to build the mechanisms and organizational culture needed to create a diverse and inclusive working environment to enhance the flow of money. In addition, we hope to continue to build a smart digital technology manufacturing plant to improve production operations and resource utilization, and we will continue to build a diversified oil and pharmaceutical industry to maintain a stable supply system and flexible production strategies.

In the second quarter of this year, we currently have a relatively conservative U.S. tariff policy. Although we don't do exports, the current situation in the U.S. has a very big impact on every country in the world and all kinds of industries, so the impact of the major consumer countries in the U.S. and China region will also be much more likely to be conservative than the current impact on Taiwan, so our current assessment is still relatively conservative in the second quarter.