Welcome to the online corporate briefing session of Lianhua Holdings today. This is the first session of the briefing session. The first stage is our presenter, Mr. Yan Wenqing Finance Director, to report the company's operation status. The second stage is Q&A. We are now going to pass the time to Mr. Yan Wenqing Finance Director. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, thank you for your investment.

This is our disclaimer, please refer to it. We are mainly engaged in the development of our company, our reports, and our finances. That is why we first look at this trend of combined revenue. In the five-year trend, we have all been growing in the past. That year, in 2024, 113 was a slight decrease.

So this revenue has declined slightly. That is, in terms of profitability, although we have decreased our revenues, but our profitability is still above the previous level. The main capital business below, and this information integration, their gross profit margins are higher than the previous year. So this profit is stable.

That's why our P1 is not the same as ours, and that's not the same as ours. So, in terms of our P1 and the PB in each other's holding company, we are still a good level. One of the main components of that company is that there are some investment companies on the left that are grey here.

The Lotus Production is the company that owns some real estate in our leasing business. The other is that there are lotus gas in the right hand and chemical, and he is the company that does not have a percentage of more than 20% of our total equity laws. Their contribution is also very effective. So our whole holding here, the business is now about five businesses.

This is the first time that we have been working on a saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated saturated.

We are also constantly looking to develop new products, such as corn flour. Even we want to go to the pet's corn flour to expand our market. Expand our sales. At the same time, we are actively working on the overseas part.

The second part is our rental asset development business. Our rental income in the past was some of the fixed rental income that we paid attention to in various parts of Taiwan. It was also close to $39 billion in 2024. In addition to this rental income, we have been working on a number of new projects.

The logistics center is expected to be completed this year. So here you can see the top left of our logistics center, this is the real-life map that has already been built about 85% of the completion. It is expected that we can complete it by the end of this year. It is expected that we can complete it by the end of this year.

We have also been working with the Keelung MRT to discuss how we can integrate with the MRT in the future and how we can develop what we can use for that area. In fact, this development of real estate, in addition to building some factories, we are fully committed to the development of energy and green energy. For example, we also want to build solar energy on the roof of this large piece of logistics in Fuoka.

That's just a big thing we have to apply for a special power license to do so. So it's also a big investment. And we also have a project that we now have in the south and there are some changes in the company's development plans that match some of the local governments. So there will be some changes later.

At the end of the second half of last year, they were also involved with the other two companies to participate in the East Line, which is the bidding proposal of the East Lake Line, and then received the main responsibility is the integration of the base electricity. The project is that there will be a communication system, there will be an automatic power supply system, and some systems of the platform to ensure that the entire system of the MRT can operate more efficiently.

It is expected that he will be completed in 2032. The East Line is actually the entire line that connects to our Taipei border and the Keelung MRT. Therefore, the entire line that connects to Taipei border is the Keelung MRT.

Some of these communication charges may be more efficient. It should be done using the same standard specifications. We also accept the information. He is also very confident that he will be able to win more of these projects.

He is the One who is the source of all wisdom, the One who is the source of all wisdom, the One who is the source of all wisdom, the One who is the source of all wisdom, the One who is the source of all wisdom, the One who is the source of all wisdom, the One who is the source of all wisdom, the One who is the source of all wisdom, the One who is the source of all wisdom, the One who is the source of all wisdom, and the One who is the source of all wisdom.

For example, some projects of drones. Then some of our government units. These projects of cloud-based equipment. Then, they are also experienced in some. Product monitoring systems.

In particular, they have good cooperation with some semiconductor manufacturers in Singapore. The monitoring system for doing their products. Next we are a relatively new area. It is our new energy. So we are also the business of establishing new energy two years ago. Then we hope to be one.

A base treatment towards a fuel cell. Then we also have a new base treatment for power generation. Then we also have a new base treatment for power generation. Then we also have a new base treatment for power generation. There is also a hydrogen fuel cell. And the application of loading chlorine above.

There is also hope to have a low-carbon storage. Low-carbon hydrogen storage. Then we also hope. There is more on education. The introduction of these concepts of hydrogen energy, as well as the concept of environmental chloride.

The concept of chlorine energy. So we also have some cases in cooperation with the school. The new energy business body. It is actually quite a wide range of applications. Then we are still more focused on hydrogen. For example, Jiaxing station is working with our affiliated companies in joint gas.

Then some of the hydrogen. Able to make use of some of its power equipment to generate electricity. Then we also have an affiliate to participate in a project. A one-year-old project in the region of Mongolia. Then we hope to obtain carbon credit. This project of Carbon Couple Credit.

Then there is another place that we are going to talk about next. We are also recently. Lotus Holding itself and our affiliated company Yaqing. Together we invested in an early power plant. It is located in Baon, Tainan.

Then this power plant is the way it operates. The picture above is on the lower right side of this picture. There is a lot of livestock in the south of Tainan that feeds the cattle. Then they have to deal with their wastewater.

Some of them are monitored by the Environmental Protection Bureau. So we are offering them. They can send their emissions to our factory. Then we use this to do some of the early generation.

Then this exhaust gas can be converted into gas. Then it can generate electricity. Then it can be produced at the same time. Then there are some early and overflowing words. We will continue to hope that it can be commercialized. On the one hand, we can do some fertilizers.

On the other hand, we pour the early overflow into some farms. Go to farm lanolin grass. It is also one of the cattle. That is, its food grass. So this part of the word is that we have a pattern. The pay model is that we are afraid to go from the farmer.

Then they will pay our processing fees. Then we can also sell our shop to power to collect this shop. The price of this early generation was already higher than solar power. That's what the rest of the early tactics are.

The sun is still shining, and the sun is still shining, and we are not going to be able to see the sun, but we are going to be able to see the sun, and we will be able to see the moon, and we will be able to see the moon, and we will be able to see the moon, and we will be able to see the moon, and we will be able to see the moon, and we will be able to see the moon, and we will be able to see the moon, and we will be able to see the stars, and we will be able to see the moon and the stars.

We want this to be a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship, a place of worship.

This demand should be very high. Next is our most important. Our golden chicken girl, our Chinese gas. Then the Chinese gas is still in Taiwan. All have been steadily growing. It has a revenue of about 41 billion last year.

The growth rate is about 12%. Then its gross profit is very high. About 30%. So it goes well. Then of course they are related to the global economy. But a lot of it is their gas.

It can be used in a variety of industries. Then of course, in Taiwan. The electronics industry is very much used. Especially the semiconductor industry is very much. So the semiconductor industry is always in demand. So we also need to cooperate with our customers.

The ability to continue to increase capacity is provided in this way. Then at the same time this year. Just talk about some of the efforts of new energy. In April of this year, we also have our own UMC gas.

The new generation of electric vehicles drives the coalition. They first want to be able to focus on hydrogen vehicles. They are able to focus more. Because they want to be more helpful to carbon emissions. They want to focus on the big truck.

Because the carbon emission of the big truck is especially if it is burning diesel. The carbon emission of the big truck is very high. So if you can get a breakthrough in this regard, it is a big help for carbon emissions. Then it is an overview of the operations of our various business levels. Then the next part of the finance.

We are divided into quarters. So quarters. Now we see downwards from 2023. Until the most recent quarter. This six quarters. Then we see Q1's revenues appear to be 2.4 billion.

24 billion seems to be a relatively short line. But the main thing is to say, we at Unicom computer their recognized dividend income. It's a bit delayed to possible Q2 Q3, so it's just a matter of time difference. So it's not that we're doing a lot of revenue.

But our strength is as great as the change of our strength. So the profit is also because of the change of dividends. So the profit situation is less so. So the profit ratio of this business in Q1 is still based on the fin and system integration of the two businesses.

So the system integration is 53% higher. So the system integration is 43%. Then the next word is about holding. The whole holding is about our larger profit source. That's what we do outside of our business.

So it is very fixed. That is, we can recognize that there are about 1 billion. Then Q1 is more than 9 billion. Then this is the operating performance of the whole family in Taiwan and mainland China.

So its loss should be a bit slower. Then the main thing is to say that our business outside the profits, or mainly from lotus gas.

The profit from our business is mainly derived from lotus gas. The net profit from the combined tax and the U.S. stock surplus is still the same. The number should be easy to see in everyone. You can see that our Q1 EPS 0.55. Then we expect Q2 and Q3. There will be a different outlook.

So this part is a very simple report for me today. Then I'm going to talk about it. That's what you'll have to say. Let's go ahead and invest. Here's our Q&A section. Then answer your questions in that text file.

Then the director will answer you. See this question as a lotus positive. This time, it will jump off. Can I ask the manager to help with a reply? There is a advanced question to ask.

Profits declined more than the same period last year. This was mainly during the first quarter of last year. The offshore company. There was a cash incentive issued. That is, last year.

In the first quarter, there were some of these. This is a one-time project. So it is not a bad situation. China and Taiwan's revenue share. At present, it is probably 6 to 4.

Ask about this year's gas capital expenditure on both sides of the river. That's the capital expenditure. This year, it's about 5000 to 100 million dollars. That's more than 100 million dollars.

I forgot about 2025. I wanted to compare it to last year. I think it's still stable.

This is the word of the Lord, and it is the word of the Lord, and it is the word of the Lord, and it is the word of the Lord, and it is the word of the Lord, and it is the word of the Lord, and it is the word of the Lord.

Ask a Question about Joint Gases. Do you still have a question about investing in cash? Let me support Normally. Ask a semiconductor construction plant. The gas is starting to work.

It is for the wind. After the customer starts operation here. It will be a profit. The rope part. I think it is too easy for him to do something here. Profit outlook estimates.

After all, he's also another one. Public. Listed company. That's what he said tomorrow. Because on the 10th he will hold a legal meeting. I think the question of the rope.

It may be possible. Go to the meeting tomorrow. Ask directly here on the rope. I said the second quarter of the year. This is the third quarter of the year. The main point is that.

The part of the encouragement, because we have been encouraged in the past, there are listed in the first quarter of that year, they are them, these transfer companies, they encourage some deferred.

But we know that they are the only ones who will be left behind, and that they will not be left behind, nor will they be left behind, nor will they be left behind, nor will they be left behind, nor will they be left behind, nor will they be left behind, nor will they be left behind, nor will they be left behind, nor will they be left behind, nor will they be left behind, nor will they be left behind, nor will they be left behind, nor will they be left behind, nor will they be left behind.

This is because the cost is very high. The wheat cost is very high. Then our market share is not good enough. So we adjusted it. So we stopped the continental flour like this.

Is there a problem? The value of the dollar is possible. We are here. We are here at Lianhua Holding. This is the impact of operating powder or information integration.

Flour is a good effect. Because we have a lot of goods in the dollar. It is to buy and buy. Buying the wheat from the imported wheat. So theoretically, it is a better effect. That is to say, gas.

They may say that there is something to be said about purchasing some equipment with a foreign country. There may be some things that should be bought. It should also be a good effect. And so you look at that roar. Because we all have different kinds of things.

We can all support each other. 누구나 is one thing in common. Quindi we are on one side. Receive this universe. But we want to learn as life. Learn criticalizing.

We have been commanded to do good, and to do evil, and to do evil, and to do evil, and to do evil, and to do good, and to do evil, and to do evil, and to do good.