Welcome to join us today at the joint launch of the 2024 annual results conference. Today, in addition to the Taipei meeting guests, overseas investors and analysts will be held in the same way as the conference call and live broadcast. First, we will introduce to you our management team.

On the right is General Manager Chen Chao-liang, General Manager of the University, and Chief Financial Officer of the unified enterprise Chen Guohui. In the Shanghai office, the unified central control of Liu Xinhua was attended by a conference call. Hello everyone, first of all, we invited Chairman Luo to speak.

Thank you. Next, I will explain to you how today's conference will be held. The first stage starts with a unified enterprise, and the second stage begins with a unified enterprise, followed by a unified centralized industry and a big unification, and the four companies explain the operation performance of the year 2024, respectively. The second stage is Chairman Luo's Q&A time. Now let's start with a briefing of the four companies.

In 2024, the combined gross profit and consolidated profit of our unified enterprise reached a record high. In 2024, the combined gross profit of our consolidated enterprise increased by 13% year-on-year in terms of consolidated revenue by 13% year-on-year. From 2019 to 2024, our consolidated gross profit grew by 8% year-on-year. The combined gross profit increased by 15% year-on-year.

Gross profit grew by around 7% year-on-year between 2019 and 2024. In 2024, our gross profit margin was 32.7% year-on-year, up 0.39 percentage points year-on-year. This included a unified enterprise centralized control and a unified industrial gross profit margin rose year-on-year.

In addition, the combined out-of-bounds revenue decreased by 116 million, mainly because there were two relatively significant one-off revenues in 2023, including the first of which was the Group's significant share-in-selection gains acquired on June 30, 2023, while the second of which was the Unification Sinopharm's net profit attributable to our parent company in 2024 was 206.7 billion, up by 12.7% year-on-year. EPS was $3.64, an increase of 0.41 year-on-year. The Board of Directors had proposed to encourage three-dollar shareholders' meeting resolutions through U.S. cash.

In addition, the Group's merger benchmarking day was June 30, 2023, so in 2023, it was only the second half of revenue for the recognition industry. The second double-digit growth was a 40% increase in the combined revenue of our four major business units in the packaging and agricultural period.

We also see 4% growth in revenue from our food and food divisions. This is mainly a trend of consistent growth in the centralized beverage business. Next, we look at the business benefits of the divisions. Operating profit in the four business divisions reached double-digit growth rates in 2024, including food and food divisions, which we saw in this orange section, increased its business share by 34% in 2023 to 40%.

In addition, we saw that the business benefits of the packaging agricultural business sector increased by 99% year-on-year. Mainly, the sales growth of iron products in the unification industry led to profitability. There are also drink revenue filling business steady growth.

In addition, the business interests of convenience stores and circulation business increased by 4% year-on-year. Including Taiwan's unified superstore Philippines 7-11 and unified life store to drive revenue and profit growth. Then to the next page in terms of negative representation of assets at the end of 2024, the total assets merged by $71 billion, including cash when cash and our current financial assets increased by 134 billion year-on-year.

In addition, we can see that our ROE remained positive for about 16% of the two consecutive years. The next page shows us the cash flow statement. Net cash flow from business activities increased by 7.4 billion in 2024 compared to the same period last year by 6.4 billion.

In addition, capital expenditure of 386 million includes expenses such as the land and equipment of large logistics centers. Net cash flow of financial activities is about 4 billion of cash dividends. At the end of 2024, the cash value of 1004 million. Next, we will explain the main currency of the unit from 2024 to 2025. Finally, we will explain to you that our dividend company maintains a stable cash dividend distribution for 42 consecutive years with a cumulative distribution of 85.3 dollars to 102%.

Unify managed 2024's operating performance. Unify managed's revenue and profit in 2024 has reached a record high of RMB30 billion, selling a new milestone. Unify managed's revenue increased by 6.1% year-on-year in 2024, while its gross profit also broke the record high of 98.7 billion yuan, up 13.3%.

Gross profit increased by 2 percentage points, mainly because the price of some raw materials fell year-on-year, increased capacity utilization, and product structure optimization. Operating profit increased by 12.4% year-on-year, with a turnover rate of about 25.9% year-on-year, a slight increase of 0.2% year-on-year, mainly due to the increase in sales and market expense, continued to invest in brand building and channel asset refrigerators. Net profit increased by RMB18.49 billion in 2024, up by 10.9% year-on-year. If we restore the disposable income of Hefei in 2023, net profit increased by 31.8% year-on-year and net profit margin increased by 1.2% and EPS by 42.81. The Board recommended that 2024 cash dividend was 42.8 per share, and shareholders resolved.

The blue part is our food. In 2024, food revenue was $9.8 billion, accounting for 33% of revenue, and YOY 1.5% growth. The average annual compound growth rate of Yellow 2020 to 2024 was more than 100%. We focus on the taste of onion beef, and in 2024 we also have double-digit growth.

The green portion is 85.700 million tea, accounting for 45% of the beverage revenue, and 13% year-on-year revenue growth. Including our unified green tea, the two-product line layout of low-sugar non-sugar green tea promotes product upgrade optimization of green tea emphasizes product differentiated competitiveness and has double-digit revenue growth.

Twin Tsui focuses on strengthening the brand positioning and building long-term sustainable brand power in key cities. And then sees the orange part of the milk tea, with revenue of 64 billion in 2024, accounting for 33% of the total beverage revenue. The unified Assam milk tea continues to expand the product drinking scene in lower cities to achieve the fourth quarter of the cost and began to lay the sugar-free track.

In addition, according to the trend of the market, the Westfield milk tea is also launched, and the income continues to grow steadily. Blue juice is 3.6 billion, an increase of about 6% year-on-year. Including the Rock of the Sea of Ice Sugar Sydney has double-digit growth. Then to the next balance sheet. At the end of 2024, total assets RMB 233 billion, cash and monthly cash are 1.2 billion, excluding lease liability borrowing has 200 million, which is lower than the end of 2024 total assets.

In addition, we can see that our ROE is 13.8%, which is also a record high. Next, we will explain the cash flow statement. Net cash flow generated by operating activities in 2024 is about 4.4 billion, an increase of 1.3 billion year-on-year. Net investment activities out of about 2 billion, of which the capital expenditure is about 700 million, mainly in the continuous investment in refrigeration financing activities out of about 2 billion.

From the blue trend line, we can also see that the amount of encouraging distribution continues to maintain a steady growth trend. Well, thank you. Next, we asked Liang to explain the unified industry 2024 annual results and the watermark summary. The consolidated revenue of unified industry 2024 was NT$44859 million, a 27.30% increase over the same period.

The increase in revenue comes from the positive operation of our company's main products. The increase in revenue comes from the positive operation of our company's main products. The increase in revenue from the merger of MFA in 2024 and MFA in 2024 comes from the increase in MFA in 2024.

Gross profit and business profit growth are due to higher operating capacity utilization. Net profit is attributable to the parent company of NT$1.53 million, which grew by 125.02 per cent over the same period. Overall, we can see that our operating revenue in 2024 is high and profit is also significantly higher than the same period.

First of all, iron products grew by 43.38%, mainly due to the decline of our iron products from the same period, and the return of sales. In addition, the marketing package in addition to the group's stable order, the orders of external customers also grew. The overall operation remained stable and the revenue grew by 12.84%. Then, we reported the sales of the products, and we looked at the performance of the two products separately.

The sales of iron products increased by 50.58% over the same period in 2024, mainly thanks to the return of the customer's stock to the water level here and the increase in the demand of the market. In addition, the sales of beverage packaging also increased by 13. 12% over the same period in terms of steady growth in the beverage market.

The price of iron products in 2024 has increased significantly compared to the same period. While the average price is slightly lower than the same period, it is mainly because the price of iron and steel raw materials in the year is still low. However, thanks to the significant increase in sales just mentioned, it has also led to the increase in profit synchronously.

In addition, the pre-tax profit of beverage packaging is also growing over the same period, mainly benefiting from the increase in demand for beverages. Increased. The Group and external customer orders are driven by each other to grow, as well as further boosting the performance of profit. Next, the balance sheet is then reported, the unifying industry's 2024 financial borrowings and total debt ratio can appear to be decreasing over the same period.

The financial structure of the company is stable and healthy. Next, the cash flow statement is reported, and the cash flow statement at the end of 2024 is NT$430 million, which increases over the same period. The cash flow statement at the end of the same period is full of cash flow. Next, the policy of the company to report dividends, if the year is profitable, the company's dividend policy, if there is a profit in the year, the legal income supply, and after the listing or rotation of special surplus supply, the remaining earnings are the earnings that can be distributed by the shareholders of the year.

In 2024, the company's earnings per share was NT$0.97. After the approval of the board of directors, the cash dividend of NT$0.97 per share was issued, and the cash flow of NT$0.97 per share was raised. This part of the shareholders' meeting of this year's resolution can be issued.

Hello everyone. Next, report on the results of the unification of the 2024 year. Sorry, this page.

First of all, the consolidated revenue of 2024 is a slight decrease compared to 2023, so the main reason is to reflect the decline in international soybean raw material prices and thus lead to a decrease in domestic product prices. However, despite the decrease in revenue, but last year's domestic economic situation is quite good, then the demand can be said to be quite stable, so the price of the product decline is lower than the decline in raw material costs.

At the end of 2024, the cash level was about 2.2 billion yuan, compared with the previous year, an increase of $600 yuan. The main reason for the increase in total assets is that the total assets of 9.1 billion and the comparison of the previous year were increased, in addition to the increase in cash, mainly due to the increase in investment companies to increase the operating growth of the rental warehouse equipment accounts at the same time, and the ratio of total assets accounted for nearly one-third of the stability in these two years.

In recent years, the number of changes in capital expenditures including net cash flow generated by investment activities, including capital expenditure, have been due to the fact that our company does not have some significant investment projects, so the number of changes in the number of advance comparisons is not large in the investment activities, mainly for the issuance of cash to encourage net cash flow in 2024 is 11.66 million dollars in the amount of money compared with the earlier comparison is slightly increased mainly because the cash we issued last year encourages the previous year 6 yuan per share to 6 yuan per share, so the consolidated changes in cash increased by the end of 2024 at the end of the next.

In 2024, the earnings per share was $8.24. After the board of directors discussed the earnings per share through your allocation found $7 per share will be reported later in the year, then the shareholders' meeting of the shareholders' meeting later in the year, and then the green column in the chart above represents the earnings per share data, we can see that the earnings per share from 2015 to 2019 were maintained between $5 and $6, and since 2020, the earnings per share continued to grow steadily between $5 and more than $7 per share. In addition to the dividend policy over the past 10 years, we have always adhered to the principle of stable distribution of a cash dividend of $5 to 2019, and from 2020 to 2022, we have achieved a further increase of 6 units per share in three consecutive years. Hello Chairman and management team Hello I am Daniel from UBS Ruiying Securities here I have two questions to ask you about the first in the e-commerce business because the company has officially subscribed PC Home private equity shares at the beginning of this year do not know whether or not to ask the chairman to share with us our future strategy and layout, especially in the cooperation of the two companies, the second problem is about dividend policy I observed that is that the absolute amount of dividends that unified and unification exceeded the distribution of this year is compared to last year when we can not say that because in the next few years we are capital expenditure in the logistics park, so in recent years the dividend policy may be the same amount as the priority to think of these two questions thank you. The first part of our e-commerce business is basically what we value in the e-commerce business part is not only the so-called e-commerce, but the change situation in the digital economy in the future how we can use the e-commerce within our observation is now a more mature business model, but even the e-commerce we can see it through the digital evolution and especially the continuous progress of artificial intelligence in the whole business model can be said to change very quickly, so this year we put in the e-commerce part of the first part of our e-commerce business is a chance to learn more about the progress of the digital economy and the logic of the e-commerce business, and of the other part of the other part can also let us understand what it can play a role, so it may take a long time to look at the corresponding industries we have invested in, and its business background is only in the past many environmental factors.

The chairman and the management team are good. The former vice president asked the question all the way. The former vice president asked: There are two questions here that want to ask the chairman. The former vice president asked: We saw the part of Lok Fu has been integrated for a year. The former vice president said that in March of this year, the family welfare here also announced that the accumulation of the entire member from September to a cumulative open point. The original vice president asked: The hope is to expand the ecosystem of the entire member.

In the past, we also saw that the supermarket is actively expanding the ecosystem and liquidity of the whole point. The original vice president: that point economy is also considered as the key to the success of a brand. The former vice president: that is, how our investors should expect is the point economy here for the benefit of the group. The latter vice president: that the second question is for the unified control of the part. The former vice president: because the former chairman has mentioned that 8 to 12% of the acceptance is reasonable growth.

In the past, we also constantly emphasized that the improvement of the entire product power can bring about an improvement in the overall vitality. The original side of the investment: Of course, in the second half of 2024, we have seen the production efficiency of this product line. The original side of the investment: Is it possible to continue to look forward to the growth of the profit-making of the whole center through the promotion of the product power can be better than the growth of the revenue. The original side of the investment: Thank you.

In the past, many of us have been able to find a way to get the most out of our company. We have been able to get the most out of our company. We have been able to get the most out of our company. We have been able to get the most out of our company, and we have been able to get the most out of it. We have been able to get the most out of it. We have been able to get the most out of it.

The first part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the first part of the second part of the first part of the first part of the second part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the first part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the first part of the second part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the first part of the first part of the second part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the second part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the second part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the second is to the first part of the first, is to the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the

This is why we want to make a challenge for consumers to do things that they can't do at home, so he has reason to buy from us. This is why we have no reason to buy from them if consumers can do it at home and we do better than we have no reason to buy from them.

I am a former vice-president of Cathay Pacific. I have three questions to ask the management. I am a former vice-president: First, I am still grateful that you have fixed to meet us. The first vice-president of Southeast Asia: The first question is about Southeast Asia, our food business has been set up in Southeast Asia for a while, just curious about the growth rate of Southeast Asia's future food business from the perspective of the whole group.

The second problem is that retail is that the environmental costs of domestic retail have risen in recent years, and the investor is also concerned about the profit margin of the unified supermarket is not a little pressure. The original deputy investment: I want to know what the group's perspective on the development of the entire Taiwan retail industry, and what the environmental costs of what to do with the model. The original deputy investment: The third is the issue of information in the recent time has been more than the AI cooperation with the unified information about the company, it is just curious to share with you what we have achieved within the AI implementation of the group and what the future income is expected of the future. The original deputy investment: In the development of Southeast Asia, this development of our development seems to be a bit inconsistent, although a lot of strength, but this is not proportional principle.

The first part of the second part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the first, is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that we are that we are that we are that

This week is a regular cost, including the number of people talking about this week at the headquarters, and the number of people who hired this month, the death rate could be 99%. But as long as there is a right, the whole organization will improve. So, I am still optimistic. That is to say, if we change some of the methods, there should be some considerable breakthroughs.

This is the problem we all face. The problem that we all face is basically not the problem. So the test is our response in this environment. So this part of the talk, I think, in terms of retail, basically speaking, there is still a space in the process of innovation, it can continue to break through. That by the way you just said that, this part of the Philippines 7-11, the Philippines 7-11, and the Philippines 7-11, because now it is a bit of a change in the situation of the entire industry.

So we now expand the scope and put some small supermarkets together to calculate, so that we don't have that much to highlight. So on average, there will be 60 percent later. So in this case, the current development of our life movement in the Philippines is that, in the current development of the Philippines, its policy is that it is fast going to show the store. So since there is a lot of space after that, such as Taiwan's many innovative retail models.

This is a very difficult thing for us to do. In order to do these preparations, we can also see a very core team of our retail team, and we can also see a very core team of our retail team, which is our inventory management team. So this year will also start to officially open, and then this year will start to officially open, which is a very good layout for our future retail development.

But we have a relatively cheap place to be, is our own group, it has a lot of business. So we have to unify the information in this regard, it can start experimenting with our own internal business. Because today we assume that we are looking for someone to do this, there are a lot of sensitive things that are not convenient. But in our group, our own business is enough. So let us unify the information in a good and powerful condition to fully utilize this application.

Thank you for the simple explanation above. Ok, now let's ask the guests online. If you want to ask questions online guests, please press m1star1. Cancel the questions by m2star2.

The first question is that the CICC side, the mayor, and the management of the afternoon, thank you for the wonderful sharing, and I have two questions here. The first one is to ask, in 2024, we are in the main competitors in the mainland, the opposite side and the drink, the question is whether the pattern of the industry is improving. Because the face may be the whole pattern or the two oligarchs or say a strong one, then we see other industries may go to a certain stage, maybe the competition will slow down, for example, like Coca-Cola and Pepsi, then I don't know what kind of competition we've come to think of.

But there may be other friends who are more aggressive in the promotion process, so what I want to ask is that in the new promotion, well, in the rapid growth as a bomb and steady growth, how to achieve a good balance. What I don't know is that we can do that fast, slow down.

What does it mean to not compete, is that we are very small in this market. So, in other words, let's assume that we are not actively going to hit the family, the family is going to hit us, and the assessment is not easy.

This is a very interesting question, so I want to emphasize that we have been avoiding this so-called competition for two years, because this market is not really necessary to compete with people, that we have our own pace, our own pace, we have our own price increase is because we are ready, we can raise prices, because we have other special considerations, so we do not raise prices, A product increase price does not mean that we want to raise prices, so our peers do what we want to do, and we do not mean that we want to follow up, that we do what we do, that is just coincidence, this is not our concern, so this talk a little bit of philosophy, I don't know or don't understand, so now we don't understand, that we don't know who we are in this operation, so we're going back to make our operations relatively stable. In the past, we may be curious to say, is this way, we are in each other's pull competition, how may not compete, but in fact, two years to prove that we can do this, because we found that the market likes to find a lot of vendors fighting, so if you do not take the initiative to challenge the home, home with conscience speaking, it is not easy to find us in the home's radar, so this part or we are looking for people to rent, we do our own things well, this market, a lot of potential, a lot of population, a lot of mouth, so choose the route, choose the direction, choose the market, or a lot of space and opportunities, you can do what you need to do. This is a very interesting question, now there is a very popular word in the market, called waste action, waste is waste action, this direct explanation is, you January 1 began to do things, to December 31, you will find that many things are white labor, that is why it will be so, on the one hand, there is a lot of provocative outside, stimulation, persuasion guidance, etc. So you just have to consciously do these things, so you just mentioned the question, how can I say in our business life, how can I say, not only our company, including all industries, a lot of its expenses, is in doing waste action, that is the concept, busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, but busy, but you will find that you do not think about the past, this is a big problem, this is training, so we need to train, so that we can let people to do, we can do things, because of the most of the most of people, because of the most of material, it is simple, the most, it is just because we will not know, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most of people, the most, we will not know, the most of people, we will not know, the most, the most, the most of the most of the people, the most, the people, the most of the most, we want to talk about it, but we will be, the most, the most, we will be, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, we will be, the most, but we will be, the most, the most, the most, we will be, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the people, the most, the most, the most, the people, the most, the people, the people, the people, the people, the people, the most, the people, the most, the most, the most, the most,

Many industry friends have said that we have no interest, not long, there is no relationship, I think this is more real for us, stability is very important for us. So I hope I just got this, not like the answer, so that you can have some understanding. Thanks, okay, please online host to access the next questioner. The next question is Celsa LC Shane, please ask the management, I would like to ask the main control of this problem, mainly in this camp, because last year we have a very bright output last year, there is a double-digit growth, not only there is no hall tea, last year also a good contribution, then how to grasp the strength of the production camp, is there are some strategies, and then how to grasp this investment, including the resource distribution, may be between tea and no tea, how to balance the management to give us a little, thank, thank you, thank you.

This year, the Chinese mainland may start two years ago, the so-called so-called hallowed tea, in fact, hallowed tea in the process of tea is a very, very challenging part, because it will distract you from the sugar, you will be attracted to the sweet feeling, like chicken soup, good chicken soup is not able to see a little chicken, this is very difficult, so hallowed tea is not really what you think is so simple, so we still think that the product is the real protagonist in all marketing activities, all the excitement, it must pass the test of time, then the word of mouth is your product, so the word of mouth is the same, you can put together, you can drink some taste, but after these tastes may be able to research and development, this is especially obvious, because it is a sales action, so that e-commerce can last year, and we do not want to give you a lot of the same thing, if you do not want to buy a new product, we will not to do a good thing, we will not want to do the same thing. Mr. Luo is good, management, I am Haitong Securities pilot Zhang Yixuan, is also very happy to have such a question opportunity, then mainly ask the chairman, we actually sold a large part of the sugar-free tea last year, this year and next year we this sugar-free tea is the way to go this pace, the hope of a smooth or small run can be relatively crowded, and then we have a good result, including this year, 25 years of the sugar-free tea product line is also some expansion, and on the one hand we do not really have in the green tea class, there is a strong brand of goods, on the other hand, on the other hand, we see the whole mainland now there is no sugar-free tea, on the other hand, we want to ask the chairman, we actually sold a large part of sugar-free tea, then this year and next year this sugar-free tea is how to go this pace, hoping to be a smooth or a lot of the next year. This is the first time that I have heard about you, I just answered that the question is about the tea drink, and now it is probably the same as the rain shower, so this thing I remember before I also reported to you, in fact, no sugar tea, this market is our first launched, we launched in 2006, but the problem is that the market is too loneliness also became loneliness, so we didn't do it, until last year suddenly the rain rain shower, we are the problem of dryness, so this part of the product is just talking about, in China's market, there is such a big market in China, stars and red stars, this endurance is a very important element, the two are not related to the professional, this is a personal repair problem, that we talk about, we have a very good foundation in Taiwan, so it is not always late, now in the efforts to chase, of sugar tea, of the same as I just as I just reported, in the public, in the public, in the public interest, in the public interest, before, we can taste, we can use sugar, or cover some some of the fact is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is not what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is good, we want to do, we do, we do, we do, the best, we do, we want to do, we do, we do, the best, we do, we do, the best, we do, we do, we do, we do, the best, we do, we do, the best, we do, the best, the best, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do not want, we do, we have, we do, we do not want, we do, the best, the best, the best, the best, the next, the next, the next, we do, we do, the best, the best, we do, we have, the best, the best, we have, we have, we do not, we do, the same, the same, the best, we do, we do, we do, we have, the best, we do not, we have, we do, the same, the same, we have, we do, we do, we do not

It is possible to maintain a growth rate of 6 to 8 percentages every year. In the past it might be said that 12 percent. But now it feels that the 12 percent in the entire large environment may be a little too positive. Maybe this is not necessary. We adjust to 6 to 8 percent, which is very solid. So what about more than 8 percent?

If we are really healthy, we will come to the project. Under normal circumstances, we will maintain it in this robust progress, as our ministries will grow. Suppose we are very strong growth, even five percent, the absolute value created in a year is also considerable. But more importantly, is it good quality? This is more important.

So I don't know if this definition is stable, is it up to your expectations? Good thank you, Mr. Luo. Well, that scene is very clear. I still have two questions to mention. That is, apart from sugar-free tea, this plant tea drink seems to be accelerating.

This includes all kinds of 100% pure juices, and the sound of the market is also enlarged. Then we unified the CCP, and there was also this 100% NFC juice. Then we also have this bear health tea in the group system. I don't know what the chairman thinks, this botanical machine is a drink development. Then, including our CCP future, we won't introduce this product.

That's what we've been worried about in the past few years, and this sugar-free drink will break down a growth of this sugar-free drink. But it doesn't look like this from the last two years. Including our own sugar-free tea drink is also growing fast. Then, it's also a resurgence of coca-Cola, which is also seen in the second half of last year. So I'd like to hear what the president has to say about our future sugar-free drink.

We have a lot of sugar drinks in the future, and we will continue to maintain a good growth space, in what way? Thank you, Chairman. I just answered you first about sugar and sugar-free, and I think this is basically good for everyone. So now, although the market is very popular sugar-free tea, we have to look at the whole amount of sugar, in fact, this is not just a market, the world.

So this is often us, one blind spot is when we find something, we will put other things in place to kill for a while. So my personal opinion is that there are some substitutes in the middle of the circuit, but at least until now it does not seem to be conflicting, it will fight each other. So I also see a lot of industry start a little bit into the devil, and even see chocolate companies also do not want to do sugar, I don't know if you want to eat it, you don't want to eat it, you can't make it too sweet, you can't make it too sweet, you can't because it's not taste sugar.

So I think this part should be able to move forward. So you just mentioned some of the health drinks, you just have a little contradiction, you ask me, the unity will not develop this product, but you just have to say that the unity of this product, so the problem seems no longer exists. But in terms of resource allocation, I can only say that we have this product, but at this stage we will not take too much time, we will make it normal to grow.

So for our company, we still want to say that green tea has made a very good market position, black tea we are full of potential, flower tea we also have products, oolong tea we started in the layout, milk tea that should not be said more, now is a very absolute monopoly in the market. So basically, we have all kinds of tea, but in the resource allocation and the company's priority, we still have a rhythm. Thank you.

I have two questions about the CCP. First of all, I just mentioned that the market is very big, we want to stick to our own way, we want the management to help us do some better design, and we want the management to share more. If we look at this space for a long time, we should be spending some effort on what aspects, or say which areas can be more effort, and may be able to maintain as much as possible in this case to avoid some competition, to get the market share of this face and drink.

I want to understand that from the perspective of consumer consumption, it is also our potential competitor in the beverage industry. How do we think about the section of this RTD drink, now the industry stage and the certainty of the future growth. Thank you. Well, the question you just asked is about our growth space. I'm back to a personal cultivation question, is that if you only care about consumers every day, you'll find a lot of things that you haven't done well.

But in reality, we usually spend a lot of time doing this, to care about what other people are wearing today, what hairstyle, so spiritually lost. So in fact, it is decided that the people of our fate, not our peers, are consumers. Consumers are faced with an infinite choice every day, so we should take more time to think about what consumers really need, especially when they have so many choices right now. It is a very interesting disaster, we are now asking.

So we think about that, in different scenarios, what is the most suitable amount for a consumer to eat, and we want to think about this. So even if green tea, my colleagues told me that now China is very popular to drink a litre of beverages, I just started to object, because our doctor also suggested that we drink 1500cc a day, I drink two-thirds of tea, then I have to drink something else. But later we found that we also had a myth that we went outside to see the takeaway brother, he had that capacity, and then we agreed to do this.

So sometimes, it's not that the product itself is a problem, it's a product, run the wrong place, run the wrong time, it has no way to show. This part is actually the most important thing we need to do to locate a clear place. If the positioning is clear, then I said a lot of waste actions in front of me, it can not exist naturally, it will have an appropriate remuneration.

What is the difference between the two, and what is the difference between the two, and what is the difference between the two, and what is the difference between the two, and what is the difference between the two, and what is the difference between the two, and what is the difference between the two, and what is the difference between the two, and what is the difference between the two, and what is the difference between the two, and what is the difference between the two, and what is the difference between the two.

The iron part is not what we can control, because the part of our iron is basically a raw material, it follows the world's market, so many investors don't understand, run to ask us, we're not clear, to explain why the same iron last year sold 10 pieces of money, this year can sell 20 pieces of money, and next year only two pieces of money, I can't explain, this is a problem of supply and demand around the world. So now the management team is very hard to find this iron structure to adjust, so the company recently started in some additional value of this iron, to start to be able to the goods of this raw materials, more refined, so we can be more control. Of course, this takes time.

The water plant is expected to contribute to the benefits of each year? And is this water plant only for use in Korea? Recently, we have seen Xiongjin products sold in Taiwan and the Chinese Communist Party, is the group in the future will drive the engine of health drinks through Xiongjin? Our logistics center is not bad, I think we all know that we are in operation, because this is when I started to run, we started to operate, it is this October, we started to operate very smoothly, because this is our own internal doing, that the outsourced business now becomes our own internal, so on the one hand, it is very helpful in cost efficiency.

We are now looking forward to extending the land around us, as it is very expensive.

There are many uses we can do in the future. The pollution of the water source must be done to make some imitation. The best way to do this is to clean up the water plant near it. So we continue doing these things. The water plant that we see now is not a pure capacity, we value the value of it. Because the good water in the future world is very scarce.

So even in the future we are in other markets, we are planning to make use of the good water. We are beginning to be able to serve as a center of supply. Thank you. We are going back to the scene.

There is also one about logistics here. We had earlier to share with investors. Last year we shared with investors the planning of the entire group's logistics park. It also included some planning for automated warehousing.

Thank you. In the planning of the logistics, we now plan for three different levels. One is called big logistics, one is called logistics, and one is called small logistics. The word for big logistics is that we have several major logistics centers in our group together.

It is not only a matter of changing things, but also a matter of changing things. This also involves the problem of many employees working from home, especially the lack of manpower in Taiwan. So we now have several large logistics centers, which are now being built all over the country, and are being built.

But this long-term benefit is very obvious. There is also a middle logistics. The middle logistics is with our group's original logistics, which takes into account the geographical nature, about two or three units, it was originally dispersed, then they can make up a middle logistics. Because the need is not much where it is, so it is more flexible in the number of points set up and distance above it.

This part of the story will continue to be maintained and then scattered, allowing it to be in the essence of the market. So the whole logistics is laid down, we will be a round-the-clock logistics, in every corner of the main market can quickly reach a function of this warehouse riding flow. Another thing is that large logistics centers can support each other when necessary.

This part will play a big effect in the future, then our logistics system has a more distinctive one, we are all temperature layers. This now with the outside logistics can only deal with a temperature layer, not us, we are always the temperature of the frozen, we are all goods. Even our logistics is now starting to enter the so-called medical logistics. This part requires a very dense operating system, but also through the government examination.

Thank you, Mr. Luo, for sharing, it is convenient to follow up a question. You just talked about the amount of investment, it may not be a short-term or a year or two of the fund planning, which can not be in the capital expenditure and possible depreciation part of the share with us. In this part, I have also seen this schedule, I probably started this before, about five years will be the highest capital expenditure.

This is the second time we have been working on a new type of logistics, so we have a big difference. Because of our time relationship, we also have the last question on the site. There is also the person who needs to ask questions. Well, I still have a question online, there is a lot of questions about Taiwan mergers and acquisitions in the past two years, and I want to ask if there is a plan for overseas mergers and acquisitions, that is what it is. I don't think we don't have a lot of mergers, we usually go into a company, and it takes a long time before and then, so I don't think it's likely that the media's talking about the same thing, so we all feel like we're dealing with every day.

There are no other questions at this time, thank you, and the QA session of today is over. Finally, Mr. Luo asked for the conclusion of today's performance. Thank you very much for your continued concern and encouragement for the unification of the group, and we hope that every year we can have better results and better results to respond to our expectations.

Thank you again for your time here.

We spent the afternoon with us, and wish you all peace of mind, peace of mind, happiness, and thank you. Thank you for your participation in today's meeting.