The following is a re-arranged paragraph-by-text transcript:. Host: We first introduce today's guests. Moderator: Mr. Lin Sheng Guan Senior Vice President, Mr. Lin Sheng Guan Hello, Mr. Lin Sheng Guan Vice President, Mr. Lin Sheng Guan Hello.

Moderator: That meeting today will be divided into two phases. The first phase will be explained by Mr. Liu on the company's first-quarter operating performance mechanism and the future operating outlook for you. The second phase is Q&A time. Please report to Mr. Liu. Mr. Liu: First of all, we will report on the operation status of each of our products in the first quarter of this year.

Manager Liu: Now you should see that we have a presentation on the screen every quarter, and now you have to see this page, and we have to put it on the Internet, and you have to refer to the investors. Manager Liu: Next, we will provide a briefing on each product, first of all, the PVC section. If you can see the picture on the left, you can see the turnover in the first quarter of this year compared to the first quarter of last year, about 15.5%.

Manager Liu: The next part of the business is to talk about the situation and the opening rate of the whole production, as we just reported, our first quarter of the opening rate is 90. 6%, which is lower than the last quarter of the year 99. 6%. The reason is that we have just reported that we have a relationship between tax revision and stock adjustment. Manager Liu: In this Maoli and OP Margin part, in fact, in the first quarter of the year, the OP has just mentioned that the price is relatively low, and the price of the product is also declining. Manager Liu: the whole sales area, to the left is about about 7 percent of the market share in Taiwan, we basically accounted for the distribution of the whole sales area, in fact we can only average and dispersed.

Manager Liu: In the production part, there is a slight slight difference, the first quarter is about 78.3%, compared to the last quarter of last year's 89.1% is low, mainly the same as that of March 3rd to 16th, there are arrangements for parking tax repairs. Manager Liu: The situation of the mahjong part is better and better than the fourth quarter of last year's, more than 20%, and the OP part is 18%.

Manager Liu: The most obvious amount, from the fourth quarter of last year sold 74,000 tonnes, now falls to the first quarter of the 57,000 tonnes. Manager Liu: the amount is due to the weak demand, just the first quarter of the relationship is from the Chinese New Year. Manager Liu: the price part is a slight increase of 2.3%, mainly because we have reduced some relatively low export orders. Manager Liu: because everyone in PE products should know that the situation is more serious for your request, if you make a cross-border contribution at the time of sale, Cashmach has no, basically we can not sell these orders.

Manager Liu: Part of the turnover rate, because PE supply demand is very serious, so the turnover rate is only about 35.5% until the first quarter of this year. Manager Liu: Because the demand is very weak. Manager Liu: In the market part, there is a slight improvement, just as we have just reported to you, we have reduced some relatively low-cost and no profit orders. Manager Liu: So although the turnover rate is a little lower, the whole gross profit and profit trend is upward.

Manager Liu: From the column chart on the right, the amount of sales and prices are always rising. Manager Liu: The reason for the increase in the volume is that China's demand for solar package molds is to increase this reason is that China announced a new energy policy of photovoltaic photovoltaic in early February this year. Manager Liu: It is you that these solar power plants must be installed before the end of May in order to enjoy the store's subsidies, and there is no way to complete this subsidies offer before the end of May.

Manager Liu: Compared to the fourth quarter of last year, there is also a mention of the increase in the rate of the increase in the fourth quarter of this year. Manager Liu: The total of that horse's words are also because of the increase in the price and the amount of the increase. Manager Liu: So whether it is the Maori or the business interest rate, the first quarter of this year has been converted to positive. Manager Liu: Maori is 4. 6%, then the OP part is 0.9%. Manager Liu: That's the point of the sales area, because just mentioned is a new energy policy in the mainland, so now in EVA, sales in Taiwan is very low, about 2%.

This is the most important part. The part of the east of the sun also accounts for 28% of the population. In fact, the two main locations are added, that is, more than 90% of them are exported to the Lord. Then the next part is the LLDP. The turnover seems to drop by more than 20%.

That's mostly a reduction in volume. That's because it's now. It's really weak demand. And it's like a sales area with mainland China.

There is a little bit of a difference now. It is actually a little bit of a pull up. That's why we're just as low as HDP. We're reducing some of the relatively low-cost orders that don't profit.

The first market is oversupply. So this is in the first quarter. The price movement of this LLDP product has been reduced to about 50%. That is the real market oversupply.

That's actually a relatively low price. It's the same as last year's fourth quarter. It's probably lost 20%. It's the main reason why the stock is high. If the stock is low, we have to cut the production to adjust the stock.

Avoid the extrusion of stock. Then it is the Maori follow. OP Margin part. This situation is not good. It is mostly the whole now. The price movement part is less than 5 percent.

In fact, the United States accounts for 43% of the area. That is mainly where we have a subsidiary FIC. That is the main one.

The production of LLDP is the main. That's where he sells a lot. So the USA part is about 43%. Taiwan part is 21%.

Most of them were produced in the United States. Then they went to Europe. Then they went back and saw the production of Central and South America. Then they went to the US factory. Then they went to Central and South America. Then the product was part of A1.

The turnover is a slight decline compared to the fourth quarter of last year. 4. 4% That looks like a decrease in the amount. The reason for that decrease is the same as the previous product.

The earth is full of dust, and the earth is full of dust, and there is nothing like it, and there is nothing like it, nor is there anything like it, nor is there anything like it, nor is there anything like it, nor is there anything like it, nor is there anything like it, nor is there anything like it, nor is there anything like it, nor is there anything like it, nor is there anything like it, nor is there anything like it.

That's because there is a parking. So the price is slightly higher. 2. 9% of that is in the driving force part. It's almost the same as last year's fourth quarter.

Gross profit vs. operating interest rates. Seems to be a significant improvement compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Particularly, the OP was a positive move in the first quarter of this year. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year - 1.7%.

There was a positive 3.1% in the first quarter of this year. That was mainly just mentioning that the price was going up. That was in the sales area. Because of this product we have production in Ningbo and Taiwan. So basically.

Taiwan sells there. Transportation company exports. That is basically the proportion of the sales area. The mainland accounts for 56%. Taiwan has 25%. That third part.

South Asia 12% of this is mainly sold to India. Then again, it is. The SAP high water absorption value part. Sales fell by 8.2%. It was mainly from the column chart on the right. It seems to be the main one.

A decrease in volume. The reason for that decrease is that the first quarter is the relationship between the Chinese New Year. The price is a blessing. The main thing is the high-flow raw materials AA. The supply is relatively tight. The relationship between the increase in cost.

That's part of the increase rate. It's about 90% down. It's the first quarter of this year. It's a little lower because we're here.

There are some arrangements. Parking tax breaks. Some are actually to produce some. Special specifications. That is for the needs of customers. So the increase rate in the first quarter is slightly lower.

The Margin section. A little downward. In fact, the OP spoke. Last year's fourth quarter compared to the first quarter of this year. It was probably a negative loss of about 1%. It was mainly due to the slightly lower ratio.

As we are all different from Taiwan in Mingbo, we sell about 35% of mainland China. The main selling point is in Mexico, so this is 26%.

That's the main thing. We sold our SAP to this. This large factory here in the international paper diapers. Southeast Asia 11%. Europe 10%. In fact, this area is full of dispersion.

This is the word of the Lord, which is the word of the Lord, and which is the word of the Lord, and which is the word of the Lord, and which is the word of the Lord, and which is the word of the Lord; and which is the word of the Lord, and which is the word of the Lord, and which is the word of the Lord.

The reason for that increase was because we were there last year. November 25th to December 11th. There is a do. Parking tax repair action. So last year's fourth quarter of the whole amount is less.

The price is a slight increase of 2.4%. The part of the increase rate. It is as reported on the previous page. Our 1st quarter increase rate is higher than last year's 4th quarter. It was mainly arranged in the 4th quarter of last year.

That part of Margin. There is a slight improvement. This product is currently in good condition. Whether it is gross profit or business interest rates are negative. But the reason for the improvement is just that.

The first two pages have seen it. My add-on rate is relatively high with ASP. That's what the sales area says. We have. 37% sold to mainland China. Taiwan has 26%.

That part of the northeast Asia is 20% here. South Asia is 8%. South Asia is the same as selling to India. Then it is the carbon fiber part. The turnover part down. In fact, it looks like it should be the amount.

The main thing is the volume goes down. That is why the volume goes down. There is a lot of new capacity expansion in this industry in China. The whole market is over-demanding. But the price part is going up. The same is the product just ahead of PE.

We have reduced some relatively low prices. This is the low price. The order of these specifications. The fraction of the increase rate. This is a relatively low one. Today's Q1 is only about 58. 6%.

This is a relatively low. 73.9% of last year's fourth quarter. That's mainly because it was just mentioned on the previous page.

In addition to the relatively low add-on rate mentioned last year, the AN product, which is its raw material, in the first quarter, is a better. Instead, because of the increase in the cost of AN, its module becomes a bit different. In terms of sales area, there are basically 60% of the sales to the mainland, then Taiwan only accounts for 20% of the sales, then 9% of the Europe, and then 5% of Southeast Asia.

The price increase is mainly due to the fact that the price increase was just mentioned because of the fact that the situation was not good and easy. The part of that was a slight decrease of 2.6%. The reason for the price increase was mainly because there are some interbank tax breaks in mainland China, the amount of tax breaks is still relatively large, so the overall market supply is relatively tight price increase.

That said, we sell more than half of our products to South Asia, mainly to India, but Taiwan still maintains a basic order, about 37%. The MMA product, looking at the column chart, feels that the turnover is down, then the main line on the right, the price is downward. The volume is still slightly increased, and the price is likely to decrease by 11.5% compared to the price of the fourth quarter of last year. That is mainly because some of the new capacity on this side of the mainland has continued investment, and then the whole market is overdemanding.

However, the main reason for the decline is because of the increase in new capacity in the industry, and the price trend is lower. That is, in terms of sales in the region, Taiwan is about 39% sales in Southeast Asia, and 35% in Southeast Asia. Some of it is sold to the United States, while South Asia is 7% out of India. The last MTBE part of the specialization of MTBE, the turnover appears to be significantly increased, and the main reason for that increase is mainly in the fourth quarter of last year, from Taito petrochemicals to the supply of crude oil, which is less than in the fourth quarter of last year, so our total sales volume or the price of the rise is mainly following the volatility of the crude oil price.

The last product is the part of the PP, and the turnover is significantly lower, which is about 18.5%. It is mainly a decrease in sales, which is in the first quarter, because the Chinese New Year relationship needs to be relatively weaker, so the amount is now only about 180,000 tons in the first quarter. The price of the part is about a slight increase of 1.6%. The traffic rate of the part is now about 80% down, the first quarter has a more special, it should be said that we have a retail part at the Linyuan plant on February 24th to March 8th, mainly because of poor demand in the afternoon, but also need to control the storage.

That last time we sold this area, because we have a factory in Ningbo, Taiwan, so the whole continent now accounts for up to 70%, then there is only 20% in Taiwan, and the rest of the small part is sold to Southeast Asia and South Asia. That is the above is some of the explanations of this part of our product, then here is to see what you investors have in this area, and then ask us directly into the so-called Q&A section. Thank you for the briefing of Liu Jingyu for you, then we welcome you to invest directly online questions, so if it is not convenient to ask directly on the message board to ask thank you.

The deterioration now looks like the oil price. It has fallen to like the beginning of the year. The price is lower than the beginning of the year. But I want to go back. That should be limited. That's another dollar.

Of course, Johnson has an impact on us. It's great because we are now. More than 6 percent are exports. And we have. There are some US dollars of CDs. So that's it.

Per 1% appreciation. For our business. It affects about 0.6%. Left and right gross profit is likely to drop. 0.10% second like this. The second dose of loss.

This is the second time that we have lost our job. We have been at the shareholders meeting before, and we have also reported this because we have learned this duty. And this is it.

There are four of us in this world, one of us in this world, one of us in the hereafter, and one of us in the hereafter, and one of us in the hereafter.

The first dose is better than the second one. The third dose is the fourth one. Although the third dose is forgotten, this one should be seen.

Oil prices, as well as how the dollar moves. And this. Tariffs last on July 9, and then look at Trump's final decision.

"How many of us are there, and how many of us are there, and how many of us are there, and how many of us are there," he said.

The cost is low for us. There is another point to benefit. Now China. The recent fishballs. June 4th, when the United States has.

Controlling his export of fish pills. This part. There are fish pills in mainland China. Ethylene of the cracking plant. There are about eight million tons a year. He accounts for mainland China.

The production capacity of vinyl is about 15%. So he wants to import it a year. About 10 million tons. Fish pills in it. About 70% of fish pills come from the United States.

The remaining 30% is based on the assets of mainland China. And the Middle East imports. The main. The main manufacturers in mainland China. There are three.

One is Xinpu chemical one is Wanhua chemical. The most serious is one is satellite petrochemical. These are of course, imported from the United States fishball. If this is the control.

Fish balls. For raw materials. Clear the liquid cracking manufacturer. He. In addition to the possibility of turning.

To Canada or to the Middle East to buy fish balls, but we believe that the price of fish balls will be like this.

At the same time, if fish balls are supplied incorrectly. The opening power of the fish ball cracking plant will decrease. It will increase the production cost of China's petrochemical products.

At the same time. Downstream wildlife. Also due to insufficient supply of vinyl. It will be produced. We believe that we will support the future. The petrochemical price of vinyl wildlife.

So the third quarter followed the fourth quarter. Just a few. Uncertain factors. There are other favorable factors. We look at the third quarter.

After July 9th, U.S., U.S. Decisions, Peer Tariffs, and the trend of the new currency.

VIS. Certification. Now VIS. 20 has been announced to be postponed. December 24. Only implemented.

So, we're going to have to wait until the end of the month, maybe we're not going to be able to do that.

Not yet confirmed, only VIS has been confirmed to be postponed. It was implemented on December 24th.

The other part of the PP is. Delayed to October 24. PP India AOVIS. Delayed to October 24. I just mentioned ADD here.

The anti-dumping portion of the tax. There are two things to do with VIS. VIS is determined to extend until the end of the year. Anti-dumping portion of the tax has not yet been announced by the Government of India. What else should investors ask?

. Today's cash. Encouraged in the second quarter, about 1.600 million. The second quarter is about 1.600 million.

That's in the third quarter. It should be. 1.6 billion. It should be in the third quarter. It should be. 1.6 billion.

It is in the third quarter. It is. 1.6 billion. It is in the third quarter. It is in the third quarter. It should be 8.100 million.

So the whole increase is up to 1 billion. There are about 1 billion cash incentives throughout the year. The last one is VUS.

And if we are to be saved, we are to be saved; but if we are to be saved, we are to be saved; and if we are to be saved, we are to be saved; and if we are to be saved, we are to be saved.

Q2 is similar to Q2. It seems to be flat, about 85%. Then VIS said again. I would like to follow. India is with the United States.

Talk about the equivalent tariffs. It should also be related. And with the mainland China. There are some political considerations. There are also local. Downstream processing companies.

There will be some protests. Because of the implementation of VIS, mainland China is now unable to enter. Because the price of mainland China is cheap. It is advantageous for the downstream processing plant. You implement VIS.

China has no way to enter. Because China has not been in China so far. India has not gone to it. The governor's assembly. So far, China's manufacturers have not passed.

China, India, and the whole of India.

There may not be enough demand.

<think> Ok, I need to deal with the user's request and organize the provided verbatim text into paragraphs. First, I want to read the original content of the user carefully to make sure that no sentence is missing. The user specifically emphasizes that the content cannot be deleted or rewritten, so I have to keep all the sentences strictly and connect them in a natural and smooth way.

First of all, I noticed the timestamp marker in the original data, like [1764. 70-1766. 70], which may represent the time range of speech. These timestamps may not be retained when finishing paragraphs, as users do not mention the need to retain time information. Therefore, I need to remove these timestamps first, and only keep the sentences in the bottom half. Next, I need to combine the consecutive sentences into meaningful paragraphs. For example, a few sentences at the beginning: "So the Government of India is up to now", "The delay has no way of deciding", "Mainly it should be here", which looks like a complete sentence but is split into multiple parts. I need to connect these sections to form a smooth sentence.

In addition, there may be logical jumps or subject conversions between sentences, such as when talking about the operation of the U.S. second quarter and suddenly turning to product profitability, it is necessary to determine whether an appropriate line change or segmentation between paragraphs is necessary to maintain the consistency of the content. For example, when referring to a "good product for profit this year", a new paragraph may be required because there is a new topic introduced here. Please also pay attention to the correct use of punctuation marks to ensure that the sentence structure is correct, such as the period, the position of the commas, and the need to add verbs to connect the relevant part.

For example, when it comes to dealing with the "other side of AE due to some tax", it is necessary to confirm that "other side" is the beginning of the new paragraph and maintain the consistency of subsequent sentences. At the same time, it is necessary to pay attention to the correct expression of technical terms, such as "PE has a mechanism to make profit sharing in our business", where the correct connection is necessary to ensure the accuracy of professional terms. In dealing with longer paragraphs, such as about exchange rate management, multiple sentences about foreign exchange processing need to be integrated into a condensive paragraph that illustrates the company's strategy and challenges in foreign exchange processing.

In addition, there are some technically strong content in the raw data provided by the user, such as the capacity expansion of different products, need to ensure that the information is clearly presented in the paragraph while maintaining logical order. For example, when introducing global capacity growth of products such as PVC, LOD, EVA, etc., each product may need to be segmented separately to highlight the data of each part. During the processing process, some sentence structures may be unclear or there are grammatical errors, but according to the user's requirements, it is necessary to strictly follow the original content without rewriting.

In short, the whole process requires careful and patience to ensure that under the premise of strictly following the user requirements, the paragraph-based verbatim content is integrated into an easy-to-read paragraph-based verbatim text, while maintaining the integrity and accuracy of all raw information. </think> Below is a refreshed "parallel-based verbatim text" (completely reserved for all original sentences, not deleted, not condensed): --- So the Indian government has no way to decide until now, mainly here.

But with the coming of this new capacity, this second half should be seen. Because we have a mechanism for profit sharing in our business with plastic petrochemicals, we are very helpful in improving our start-up rate. So, PE and now we all profit from our business. You just see that the PP is a loss in the first quarter, the PP is profit every month from the second quarter, and mainly because we import relatively low-priced tops, so we start profiting from the second quarter of the business.

In addition, because of some of the industry's taxes, AE is also relatively optimistic in the second half of the year. For us just mentioned the part of the PP, because there is a new wave in the southern Zhou Dynasty terminal, there is also a hidden and C-shaped outflow, so in fact, when the price of C-shaped raw materials in the market is relatively low, we can buy in the market in the market to put in the outflow, this cost of production is a more obvious help.

And now we're going to look at the new capacity of that capacity in the coming years. I'm going to let you know. Thank you. We started with the PC, we started with the PC, and I gave them a look at what I wanted to share.

This PVC you look at the whole forecast of 2025 is about three million tons more than the whole forecast of 2024 you see the world's largest increase in capacity in Asia Asia is the mainland China part of the PVC is down. This CM skips to predict that the world is about 400 million tons more than the mainland China part of the new capacity is also down in Asia. This is HDP can see that this is also about three million tons faster and about three million tons in Asia part of the Asia part is about three million tons in mainland China. This LOD and EVA look at the same situation that you see in Asia is also more than two million tons in Asia, and this is also more than two million tons in Asia. This is mainly from mainland China.

This carbon lead is more than three thousand tons in Asia to see the mainland China more and more. This is the right side of the world about hundreds of thousands of tons is mainly also looking at the mainland China. --- [Remarks]: 1. Completely retain all original sentences and original order, not delete or rewrite anything. 2. Separate each sentence from text, only retain text content. 3. There are technical terms (such as PE, PP/polypropylene, EVA and other chemical product names) in the original verb (such as "open rate", "profit sharing", "natural avoidance") in the original text, and not simplified or translated according to the original text.

Take a look at this mainland China. A little bit more, this is okay, this product is not much. This is more, this Asia has more, about 1.5 million tonnes, near. Take a look below the leaf, this is mainly in mainland China, 1.5 million tonnes, most from mainland China, see this MMA, this increase, like there are about seven million tonnes, this is also from mainland China. Down this MTV, this is also more, more than two million tonnes, this look at Asia, this is also from Asia, this is from mainland China.

This is the new capacity, this, to report to you, thank you. We thank the Vice President, please also invest advanced, you can continue to ask, thank you. Because we are also used by Taixiu petrochemical, its products, we also want to use, the tide to operate our park, which will increase the shipping fee of 21 USD, so basically we try to try, if there is a relatively low price acrylic, we will of course, because we are mainly with the oil, PP acrylic, mainly with the oil, if not enough with Taixiu petrochemical, sales in the treatment plant, the acrylic, of those plants, of course with Taixiu petrochemical, just talk about the use of our plant, if not enough it will be with Taixiu petrochemical, of course, we just talk about it, if it, if it is a little, if the spot acry cheap, if we buy a little, then we will buy a little this, then we will buy acry in the spot acry, of it will decrease with the stock market, of Taix, of Taixiu petrochemical.

What else do you have to ask investors? What else do we have to say about our business in Taiwan? Our US company, the first I will just talk about our business in Taiwan, I just said, our business in Taiwan, our business in Taiwan, our business in Taiwan, our business in China, there is a big difference, Taiwan we call our business in China, is our business in China, we think we will slowly improve. The second price, we feel that after Trump's tariffs are fixed, this price we think should be bullish in the third quarter.

In other words, the price of raw materials outside of Trump's policy should be lowered, which is good for us. Last but not least, there will be products that will be discontinued completely. We are currently planning to have products that will be discontinued in addition to the ECH, and there are a few categories of carbon fibers that we have planned to discontinue.

Thank you for accepting our invitation, and again thank you for your online investment friend's question, we will see you again next time.