We are going to share with you our recent operational overview, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. I would like to use this brief to explain the operation of the company's first quarter, today we will focus on the company's overview, financial situation, and the outlook for the second quarter market, as well as some of our current expansion plans, and we will do a brief explanation with you. First of all, in this company profile, first of all, we are the first to talk about this, first of all, in this company profile, we are mainly providing us with the amount of 2596 billion yuan, where we are divided into four major products, the largest proportion of electronic materials, accounting for 22%, then the torque product, accounting for 19%, and finally plastic processing, accounting for 15%.

In our products, the current part of plastic processing, we are statistics to the end of 2024 data, plastic processing is the world's number one production capacity, the other in the electronic materials, including copper foil, copper foil substrates, electronic fibers, the current production capacity is the second in the world; that the other part of electronic materials, plastic surround numerical value, fiber parts, the current production capacity is the third in the world; that is, in the chemical products, including BPA and NVG, the current global production capacity is the fourth in the world.

This year's first quarter EPS was slightly less than last year's last quarter. This year's fourth quarter EPS comparison was a $0.02 increase compared to the fourth quarter of last year. In the industry, the relative growth is mainly due to the expansion of the dark industry, the acceleration of the industry-related investments, and the rise in connected prices, so the benefits of our circuit and international-based electronic material products have increased.

In addition, the part of the big choice products, also because of the US tariff problem, local customers to increase the local procurement varieties, our big throw fiber factory in Nanka, the positive bid, the relative operating results are better than last quarter, so compared to our first quarter EPS, compared to last quarter of last quarter. As for the revenue structure, we analyzed the proportion of revenue in the first quarter of this year compared to the fourth quarter of last quarter of this year, and the main factors, of course, are also mentioned, so in the first quarter of this year, the proportion of electronic material revenue reached 42. 8%, compared to the 39.5% of the market. As for chemical inspection products, mainly because of part of the production line arrangement maintenance, so the whole sales volume is less than the fourth quarter of last year, so its revenue is relatively lower.

As for the part of chemical products, OP Margin is -9.5%, mainly because of the part of China's production line that was just said in the first quarter, the price of the products will be low, resulting in a loss of work, coupled with the whole industry, because the non-entry and breakage in the mainland China has caused the market situation in recent years is relatively disadvantageous, so its first quarter of OP Margin is -9.5%. As for the part of the zigzag products, the first quarter of this year's part of OP Margin is -1.3%, of course, compared with the third quarter of the third quarter of last year's certificate performance is a little different, but if compared to the YOY or QOQ, in fact, the part of the zigg products has also improved in the whole, so its OP Margin is also gradually improved.

As for the part of the plastic processing product, it has a relatively stable intention, coupled with the previous mainland area in order to stimulate the local economy, there is a policy to expand the stimulus consumption, which leads to an increase in the demand for automotive household products, and also in response to the demand for tariffs in the United States to return to real estate, we also have a modest effort to improve the capacity of U.S. manufacturers and increase the production of plastic processing products.

After July, the change is still unknown, but the whole industry, in fact, we are relatively optimistic about the electronic material industry, because our capacity has just mentioned that in the world is moving forward. In addition, we ourselves also have to focus on the electronic material in the past we feel less, that is, the contact with the terminal bone, we have also made some enhancements in the past two years, we have set up a market expansion group, directly to the downstream terminal carving them to understand their needs, and then jointly develop the next stage of product specifications.

The following is a re-arranged paragraph type script: So, in fact, we have some gaps with some of the other industry competitors in the electronic material bureau block. Now it seems that gradually seems to be slowly taking this GAMP to the smaller part of the CCR we talked about before. At this stage, it is probably mainly M6, M7, M8 part is expected that in the second half of this year the mass production is currently in continuous certification, in the updated M7, M8 part, this is also started to develop. Of course, let's look at the actual situation and make the update.

So I'd like to ask you, since you've just mentioned that tariffs are advantageous to the U.S. and China, maybe it's higher than its tariffs before, I don't know what the situation is after the tariffs fell to 30% between the two countries? That is, there is no change in the demand between the customer's orders or the U.S., and it does seem to have increased, although it seems that the current tariffs are still relatively low compared to the more exaggerated figures proposed by President Trump at the beginning, but after all, there are still a lot more.

In May, the exchange rate is relatively large, because it is a rapid appreciation of the exchange rate, so I believe that many companies are facing the same problem, especially those with diplomatic focus. Everyone's setbacks do not seem to react at all, but now it seems to be relatively stable, so this factor should be seen for a while that it can slowly adapt to the situation. I also ask about the impact of Taiwan's appreciation on us, the value of Taiwan's appreciation mainly in the consumption of Maori and U.S. assets, the consumption of Maori because we usually come in from the import of raw materials to the production and sales to collect the goods, about thirty months.

So, I think that's probably what we're going to do with this part of the project, and we're going to do some research on how to avoid this negative impact. In the third quarter, I just mentioned that we believe that the third quarter is our peak season, and we see the results of the profit-making campaign of our South Asian company as a whole, and now we're seeing some research on the whole of the electronic material, not just in the third quarter, but also in the first quarter of this year, we've done some research on the whole of the electronic material, no matter how we's profit-making curve is upward, and I believe that the overall performance of the electronic material should continue to be relatively better.

In the first quarter of a chemical product, it looks like it's a relatively serious one, but it's mainly because it's because it's a relatively serious one. After the second quarter, I've just mentioned that there are some production line maintenance and maintenance relationships, and after that, we're probably all in the production of this product, and it's a pretty big improvement. Even though we've only opened two sets of four sets in Taiwan, the current set of these two sets are still in the production of its profit, which actually has some improvement.

This is because the gas of its by-products in Taiwan is a bit more profitable. That is, in terms of the product itself, because we have a consensus about the plastic company we keep up with, and we want to work together. So we also have some adjustments in this way of western gika, so we also have some adjustments in this way of the gika. We also have some adjustments. Based on the past according to the price of light oil, the Asia region or the Southeast Asia region, the spot price of the gika company, we are now in the situation of both sides have to supply, and then explore a GIGA company, with the current price of the West, and now the price of the finished products of NVG is not good.

In fact, if the normal production, just to talk about global production, we are in Taiwan this EG, which is currently profitable, has been profitable. As for the US region, we also have two occasions, in fact, in June, our EG-1 should be able to reach a level with effect, or even a profit-making situation. The EG-2 part, mainly because of the time it was put into production is relatively less ideal, it began production at the end of 2020, and then put into production, because it has a relatively large investment amount, so it brings some loan relative to our EG-2 the cost of its interest.

So, in terms of its entire migration, if it continues to maintain normal global production, plus the price of NPG products, the price of interest is not much change, we should have the opportunity to go back to the bank in the fourth quarter of this year. So the whole part of NPG, whether it is Taiwan or the United States, the whole operation compared to the first two years, the overall performance seems to be significantly improved. So it looks like we are in the flowering product section, which should, after the third quarter, slow the performance of the whole operation compared to the first quarter, should have a significant impact.

If the exchange rate is stable in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, that is a relatively optimistic situation. If the exchange rate is a relatively stable situation like this, we believe that the operation of the fourth quarter should resume normal situation. Thank you. I'm sorry to ask again, that we have some tariffs, the first quarter and the second quarter because there are some pre-loading conditions, and then we see some pre-loading conditions, then that to the later period of the third quarter, we are expected to continue the surge, then there is a force to cut, because there is a pre-loading?

In fact, the whole industry, I do not see the relevant part, in fact, there are some breakthroughs, so will continue to be, performance will be better. Thank you. It is a rare opportunity to ask you to invest more advanced to grasp our deputy director. Sorry I just missed, the electronic material it seems to look good at the moment, then the output rate is probably how much, because the third quarter may be forgotten, the disappointment season may be right, but are you already the top of the production? At present, our electronic material utilization is about seven, so we still have room, if there is an order, can still continue to be the creation of the full force.

Thank you. Please tell us that there are more products in our electronic materials, the recent price fluctuations may be slightly improved? The current price looks, mainly because the same price is slightly rising, so the related products, including copper foil, including copper foil, our prices are adjusted. As for the part of the fiber, not long ago there was a Nitomo in the east of Japan, they have proposed to adjust the price, but in fact, it is not the direction of the fluctuation of the electronic level, we have proposed to adjust the price, but in fact, we have proposed a demand for electronic fiber, but there is still some friendship effect, even if there are no external factors, the internal, because of the operation of the whole situation, we will also have a structure of the whole product, so we will try to do an analysis, to which products, which we have to ask, and we will try to improve the overall direction.



In the past, you said that there is no error, the past is what we talk about, but now this circle looks very different from the past, because the whole industry is also very different. Now that we are in the electrical industry, it is a mainstream industry, because of the changes in the electrical industry, the separation is quite small, so we may be able to do some of the screening of some markets, such as we are the same, several types of companies, they also have existing chemical products, they will socially look at, develop some materials related to the electronic industry or semiconductor industry, which is a decision to do in response to the changes in the industry. I don't know what our company thinks is that because we don't have much detail information here, it's probably the worst year, because I see the worst situation of the year, the worst year, so next year will be relatively similar, not necessarily in this screen, at least in the current data point, we think it should be the top last year, this year, if this is not just said Trump, this tariff and exchange rate problems, this year, we expect the operating performance will be better than last year, OK, but now we say that the entire economy is now, the environment is very peaceful, and the changes in the environment are also the same as the past, because everyone is working hard to make money, now is not moving about the war between Ukraine and Ukraine and Ukraine will be fighting against Iran, so many variables are not as much as we expect.

Because of the relationship between time and venue arrangement, we open the last question, sorry that I just got a little bit to go, we EG Ah now Taiwan is a set of four, then able to produce, but the U.S. side of the estimation is to mention how much you are now also able to produce is also able to produce right now, in the U.S. is also two sets, that is, we gradually see that EG1 is from Break English to a small profit of this trend is right, but EG2 may still continue to improve, thank you.