Hello, I would like to invite you to participate in the Taiwan Aggregate Chemicals Co., Ltd., which is a joint venture of Asia Aggregate Co., Ltd., which is a joint venture of Asia Aggregate Co., Ltd., which is a joint venture of Asia Aggregate Co., Ltd., which is a joint venture of Asia Aggregate Co., Ltd., to introduce you to the management team today.

Thank you very much for reporting on the company's earnings and financial situation. Thank you very much. Thank you all for your interest in the company, the media, and the online and on-site guests, ladies and gentlemen. So let's start today's Aggregate legal meeting. Let's take a look.

Caps. soybean. his wow. mom. reckless.

The sound. By one application. bearing. Our presentation outline today is divided into four parts.

First of all, I am going to report the company's product introduction, as well as the operational overview and outlook. Then the third part will be reported by our quick manager Zhang. After the report is over, our general manager will host the Q&A.

The first company introduction and product introduction. As of April 30th, the number of employees of the company is 2.3 billion. The first quarter of the combined turnover is 15.34 million. The same period last year, compared to the same period.

The main products we produce are LDP and EVA. Our LDP products are mainly used in LDP applications in the relatively high-end parts. Here you can see some of them containing medical devices.

Another more important application is food packaging. Domestically there is also a library called talent packaging. Even it contains a library of coffee cups that we are going to drink at supermarkets. There are some electronic packaging as well as unused products. Packaging containing cosmetic products. This part is a strength of our products.

Use in some packaging that compares some of the more effective products. The requirements are relatively high. It is also the direction we have been working on for years. So here we look at our sales in the first quarter reached more than 11000 tonnes.

Packaging film containing EVA solar energy. Then EVA's special product application. Including our library of TSMC. We also have more traditional foaming materials. And the wire computer section.

The second part is the overview of the operation and the outlook. First, let's take a look at the upstream raw materials. Our upstream raw materials are vinyl and crude oil. The first part of the crude oil is because it actually rises to a high point in mid-January, about the 15th of January when it rises in the first quarter of this year.

In addition, OPEC has already mentioned some of the information, probably in March, April, or even May, that they not only plan to reduce production, but also plan to increase production. The reason for this is that the price has started to decline significantly since mid-January. You can see the blue line in this chart, and the purple part is vinyl. The vinyl part is relatively strong in January and February. There are two main reasons: the first is some petrochemical plants in mainland China, and it has some new production capacity.

However, the new production capacity has been completed, but the upstream part has not been completed. So in order to test the operation of the pilot, they had to go to the market to buy ethylene. So in January and February, the second reason is because there were some petrochemical plants in Korea that were shut down in January and February. So in March, the part of the price was stronger.

So, in the first quarter of the year, the price of the whole January is basically going up. We can see the three parts in the chart. The green line above is the rich EVA, the blue line is the high EVA content, and the orange line is the normal 14% to 20% of the foam level EVA.

So it's basically flat in January and February. Then there's a slight drop after March, but the drop isn't too big. Then we'll take a look at the text description section. Then the operation of LDP in the first quarter, because there's a major petrochemical plant in the mainland, it produces a graphic LDP. So its current news is that it's in the second quarter and probably will stop production after the end of the month. So that's why it's also the main supplier of LDP in the continental picture level, so we expect LDP to be out of stock.

So in the first quarter, the import market it once rose to more than $1450. This is just the strength of the product. So in the first quarter, we have to fight for such opportunities. Adjust the combination of our products. So to increase the production volume of LDP.

So the sales of LDP in the first quarter increased by about 40% compared to the same period last year. Then you may be concerned that our products will not be affected by this U.S. tariff policy. Then the LDP part is mainly the domestic sales. So the export part is actually the part of China, the main application is whether I just mentioned coffee cups or some uncolored goods.

The first quarter was a rebound, mainly due to the excessive look-out in the market last quarter last year. In fact, the first quarter was a large-scale application in the EVA market. It was supposed to be its low season. However, because it was over-looked in the fourth quarter, the manufacturer, which included the manufacturer of the rubber film with solar power, was very low in inventory.

So it actually continued to do the repositories in the first quarter. However, because everyone's inventory is relatively small or low, so in the first quarter, their buy and sell repositories were still pushing up the EVA market.

That's because the price of EVA is rising, so the gross profit margin for EVA in the first quarter of this year compared to last year is a significant improvement. In that case, our production line is basically as much as possible in addition to the necessary reductions, and then the sales are not too big. That's why we continue to expand the market of EVA in the second quarter. That's the strength of EVA in our company, which is not too much of the manufacturer that can be produced in the Asian region, and the technical difficulty of this product is relatively high, which is one of the direction we are going to develop in the future.

In the first quarter, the sales volume of EVA decreased by 14% from the same period last year. We looked at the first quarter of that year's sales figure, the sales volume of 34000 tonnes, which is almost the same as last year's, but the sales volume of the sales portfolio was quite different. Mainly the sales volume of LDP increased significantly, the sales volume of EVA was significantly reduced, the sales volume of EVA in the second quarter was 10124 tonnes, and the sales volume of EVA in the second quarter was also increased by hundreds of tonnes compared to the first quarter of the year.

In the last five years, the sales changes in the first quarter may look like the first quarter of this year's sales volume in the first quarter. We look at the second quarter and the outlook behind this business, we first look at this point in view, the parallel tariffs in the U.S. have been suspended for 90 days, and there is a better outcome in the U.S.-China trade war. The recent past is also relatively slow, but since OPEC here will continue to increase production in May, so our view is that there will be pressure on supply demand in the second quarter.

So we can expect the price of vinyl to remain relatively low margins at this time. The VM part, mostly because there is a new production capacity, and the other quarter there are more vendors tax breaks, so now it is almost over, and it is expected that the entire supply will be loose in the second quarter. We look at the impact of PE and EV on the market, including the sub-specific part, which is actually less than 1%, but its biggest impact is because of the uncertainty of the market.

In the first quarter, we also saw a lot of photovoltaic operators who would try to produce the pre-installation before this, and the tide of photovoltaic is coming to the end of this time. In addition, the new city's photovoltaic operators in the production capacity at the end of this month, the Chinese red well has a set of 200,000 tons of production capacity at the end of the first quarter, and there is a set of 200,000 tons of people expected to be production at the end of the first quarter until the end of the next month.

In the future, if we say that the main supplier of this petrochemical plant in mainland China cannot recover, it may be a niche for us. The other side of the Tufu, because he has a higher technology ratio, so we have an advantage in this area, so we will continue to expand Tufu's market share in January.

This is the direction we continue to expand. Then we report financial information by the manager of our finance department. We also have beautiful girlfriends. Then I report to you. This is the first quarter of the company's consolidated financial information. Here is the consolidated tax rate table.

The consolidated revenue for the first quarter of that year was 15.34 million. It was about 27 million less than the same period last year. This change was mainly due to a 3% decrease in sales in the first quarter of this year. The price portion of that year was probably 2% higher than last year's average price.

So the average total amount of sales is about 27 million less than the same period last year. The gross profit margin for the first quarter of this year was 100,002 million.

Gross profit margin is 7%. That's about 94 million more than the previous year's gross profit margin. This affects a 2% increase in the overall average price, in addition to what was just mentioned. The average raw material price has also dropped by about 2%.

That's another part of the operating expenses. The operating expenses for the first quarter of this year are $65 million. That's about four million more than the first quarter of last year. The gross profit for the first quarter is $102 million.

The net operating interest rate is 2%. However, the expenditures from outside of the business are $2.6 billion. The $2.6 billion is mainly derived from the loss of the transfer of investment in the stock. After that, the expenditures from outside of the business.

The post-tax manager lost 273 million in the first quarter. That was estimated at 59.4 billion. The loss per share in the first quarter was 0.4 pieces of money. Then take a look at the financial ratio. The first quarter of that year just mentioned that the sales manager was 36 million. So the operating profit rate was 2%.

The net loss at the time of deducting out-of-office expenses was 15%. The ratio of the third debt to war assets. Because of the increase in the overall borrowings in the last year, the overall ratio was 11 at the end of 2023. That increased to 16 at the end of last year. That was also 16 at the end of the first quarter.

The first quarter of the flow ratio was 279. The speed ratio was 203. It was slightly smaller than the previous year. There was a slight decrease at the end of last year. The average yield was 30. The average downtrend was 41.

This is my report. Thank you. Let's take a look at the first quarter. The merger is 121.47 billion.

That is relative to the same period last year. Some added. This is part of the merger. That is actually the same part of the industry. It is probably more than last year.

This is the whole group of this trend. In general, the company of individuals is probably the same, a small gap, although the turnover is very little, but there is a slight inside.

It's not the same as last year. It's ours. This year's turnover is in line with last year's sales. We're over 2200 tonnes. That's over 2200 tonnes.

But the price is decreasing. The price is decreasing this year. But there are also differences in rates. The rate for the first quarter of this year. We averaged about 32.9. Of course, it was different now.

But in the first quarter. The US dollar is relatively high for Taiwan dollar. That year's first quarter rate was 32.9. That last year only 31.4. That's the impact of such a crossover. That's almost the same turnover.

We have seen that the Lord is with us; we have seen that He is with us; we have seen that He is with us; we have seen that He is with us; we have seen that He is with us; we have seen that He is with us; we have seen that He is with us; we have heard that He is with us; we have heard that He is with you.

The so-called high pressure law, plus our low pressure law, part of the PE.

Another part of CBC. It's less volume. I'm not going to talk about it today. Let's take a look at the portion of production. Production capacity is the same as capacity. No change.

That portion of the production. Compared to last year, there was a significant increase. That is to say, it is mainly during the first quarter.

That's just part of the first run. It's also mentioned that EVA's business is good. The price of photovoltaic is also better. So, in the first quarter of this year, in addition to the necessary repairs, we are almost full.

That is a capacity of 50,000 tonnes. If we speak of EVA, we have an average of 10,000 months. That is to say, a quarter should be three thousand. That is, if it is the first quarter of this year.

This opening rate has reached about 90,000 tonnes. There are 7 percent. That is relative to the same period last year.

EVA performance compared to last year. The volume is better. But the price is. Let's introduce it. The price is relatively low compared to last year. Let's take a look at another factory.

This low pressure method is the same as the lower part. Look at the output. That output. This year's output is 22637 tons.

That was relative to the same period last year. We increased a lot. That was the same period last year mainly at this time. The relationship between oil tax gaps in the first quarter was too much for him. That said, we were in the same period last year.

Only 11000 tonnes. That 11000 tonnes. If we look at the capacity of 130,000 tonnes. This time last year. The first quarter was only 3 out of 5. Then it was this time of year.

Seventy-nine percent of what we have done in the past year is the same as the one we have in the past year.

We will continue to look at this piece. Well, let's take a look at this section of Westgate crude oil. Here is the part of the dwelling.

If you are looking at the price of oil, the price of oil will be higher than the current price, and the price of oil will be higher than the current price, and the price of oil will be higher than the current price, and the price of oil will be higher than the current price, and the price of oil will be higher than the current price, and the price of oil will be lower than the current price, and the price of oil will be lower than the current price. This is the result of our sales volume, the whole of our EVA compared to the same period last year is, although the result is a bit bigger than last year's loss, but the only loss is that carbon tax is also started to increase, because this loss is not much, but the part of carbon tax will eat a part, so it is likely that if we look at the whole result, including the impact of the U.S. exchange rate, etc., in fact, the loss EVA is almost the same as last year, good, then we look at the PE, we are mainly look at this year's first year compared to the last year, the purple west, two products, that is the group sale is relatively high, this price is higher, in fact, the group is more boutique, that is more than this year is more than the same price, we will be more than the last month, but we will pay more than the next year, the same price, the next year, if we have more than the same price, the same thing is the same thing is the same thing, the same thing, but this time, the next year, we are more than the same thing is the new year, this time, the PE, this is the PE, this is more than the next year. This is already a small profit, which afterward of course benefit is relatively disadvantageous, because the value of Taiwan Dollar is too much, then we look at the sales volume, sales volume in the first quarter of today, 54 million, that more than 54000 tonnes, more than 54000 tonnes, that is better than the same period last year, but this time compared to the previous year, 2023 2024 is not our best time, forward in 2021, we can reach more than 270,000 times, there are some OEMs, that is better than the last year, but this is not really, in these years is not very good, well, so we look at the same time, we just talk about the difference, is probably increased by 2200 tons, 2200 tons in EVA, the other is the amount of PE increased, so we look back to March, that the EVA, the first runners have just explained, we have just said, we are the same, we have just the same as we are the same in Taiwan region.

In the first quarter of that year, almost everything was full of production. It was sold smoothly. On the side of EVA, and on the other hand, in the light lake, India set up an anti-dumping on the surface of the mainland light lake. So we also, in Southeast Asia, even in India, also increased sales.

We jump directly to the fourth point, so if we see the light lake, we already have half of that light lake. Last year, it was about one hundred percent the same time. In addition to the impact of U.S. tariffs, the high-end brand shoe factory, and the special cable demand was hit. This is why in the previous few legal fairs, we gathered and even aggregated in this one more special. These are relatively profitable.

Fortunately, the recent U.S.-China negotiations have slowed down and compared to a positive direction. So, when we these customers, these high-quality customers, who sell their inventory, should slowly return to normal after June. In the PE review, if the impact on the U.S. tariffs on the situation, Taiwan's PE is based on domestic sales, and the export portion, we are not directly sold to the U.S., so the impact of tariffs is relatively small.

In addition, in this part of PE, we also gave back to the Western electricity market. So in Q1, compared to the fourth quarter of last year, or the same period last year, we are a better development. In addition, by the Sino-US trade relations, we are in the export side, some of these customers, he will turn to us to buy. So, in this aspect of PE, so in the first quarter, we, in the period of domestic sales, we have a big one.

In addition, PE, LDP is small, mainly suboperators, mainly suboperators, mainly service. Some of the old customers of the group, they identify the products of the group, and the brand of suboperators, this is a small number. Suboperator service customers, we look at this demand, in the demand of EVA, the photovoltaic industry accounted for more than half of the population. This year, we look at this year's one estimate, conservative, one estimate very conservative. The new installation volume is 530 to 580, which last year has reached 530.

This is my personal opinion, for example, last year our estimate, about 390 to 430, the result is 530. That is, it should be the same this year, because at the beginning of the year, the entire economic environment is not good, the demand is not too good, and we should not be too optimistic about it. So we look at the demand of the mainland, the demand of the mainland, the expectation of the optimistic estimate of about 580, the outcome of the latter may be a little more than this, will come.

So the whole demand fell, but his self-sufficiency rate with his capacity increased. From the same time last year, 63,000 tonnes, until the same time this year he had reached the production capacity of 671,67,1,000 tonnes, that self-sufficiency rate has reached 83 today, there will also be added capacity, added capacity, added capacity, this EVA, China EVA application, this last quarter of the conservative assembly, about two months ago, and then we just put it in, so that the first season of the conservatorship, without a friend, you can refer to it again.

The demand in mainland China is high. So the support rate in the future will be higher and higher. Then there will be three red wells behind it. Then just the runner mentioned that they were probably in the second quarter, probably this month.

They have a new capacity of 200,000 tonnes. Then there is another in Korea, which is expected to produce around June. Then we look at the operation of the second quarter, and the operating outlook. Then the first oil field, where there is also a description. So basically this year's oil price, last year's forecast was about 70 to 80 oscillations.

So, compared to last year, it is relatively low and relatively low. So this is for the back, we look at the vinyl. So, now, it is about 780 790. So, compared to the same time last year, it is much lower than the same time last year. So, this has a lot of operating space for us, that is, the cost is reduced.

Then, in June, when we were drafted, we said that this draft only had 10,000 tons, and then we could turn into 40 thousand tons of this operating space. Then there was this low-priced vinyl, at the right time, we could buy in. So when we bought a lot of it, that we just talked about, PE, this factory, is a small profit and loss, such a different point. If there is such a more flexible, this kind of vinyl can be arranged, that this operation is very helpful for us in the second half of the year.

So basically, the mid-tidal wave of light and martial arts is about to reach the end. The supply of EVA is increasing, so we want to achieve, there may be some sales areas that have to be adjusted. Then in the first quarter in Southeast Asia, India has a good layout and progress. Then these are to be planned early.

So the second point is that the US-China trade, although the midway is cool, but just mentioned earlier, the initial word suddenly, the impact of US-China trade. So it is temporarily, without placing an order with us, to sort out its stock. Then the trade war will be relatively positive, as long as they digest it, then confront us, there will be a lot of help. So in addition to this, the US-China trade, under the influence of the trade war, there is another thing we benefit from, that is, some of the special EVAs we are developing, some of which are based on US imports.

So they came to us to buy these relatively high-quality, these EVAs. So before we were going to go to the market like this, it was harder for them to get used to you, because they didn't need to change. But now, the trade war is slowing down, and tariffs from the U.S. to China have been reduced, but they're afraid. So there's also a second source.

So in the future, we are in the P1 part, that is, if we can increase the working rate, increase the driving power, we are the second plant, P1 part is the opportunity, the opportunity this year can also be profitable. That is, we, P1 the plant has the opportunity, today can break the previous years, like our small losses, the opportunity to make money. Then EVA looks like this year's situation, can only be said to minimize this loss, because in fact, it is very competitive.

So in the West, we have this new appearance of the Intercontinental Terminal, which can be arranged, which is a big help to us for the cost of the later part. Then that's my explanation. Well, that's my part. Good afternoon ahead, then report to the Taiwanese company, then report to the Taiwanese company, and then the consolidated financial statements for the first quarter of 2025. Then we first see the merger, in the combined sales revenue, the first quarter of 2025 was, 121.5 billion, then the same period last year increased by 1.2.5 billion.

So sales revenues increased over the same period last year, mainly because of mergers, cohorts, and Delta's sales volume increased over the same period last year. As a result, the combined revenues increased.

That increase is 200 million. This is mainly due to the relationship between the product portfolio, so the cost of goods sales increased over the same period last year. Sales gross profit was $400 million, which decreased by 90 million compared to the same period last year. This decrease was mainly due to the decrease in sales by the combined subsidiary Huaxia, so sales gross profit decreased.

The cost of sales management is $9,100 million, increased over the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in the sales of mergers and acquisitions, the cost of sales management is increased. R & D costs 1.2.8 billion, the total cost of sales before mergers and acquisitions is $600 million, the net operating interest rate is 5%, compared to the same period last year losses of 2 percentages. Then the expenditures of the industry have 4 million, and the external expenditure of 10 billion, mainly because the mergers of subsidiaries and Xuteng companies in accordance with the equity law, 50% of investment losses, the total investment losses of 10.76 billion, which belongs to the total investment losses of Taikoo absorption recognition, 3.600 million, which belongs to the merger subsidiary A. This is the first time that the company's financial performance has been adjusted to reflect the current situation. The company's financial performance has increased significantly since the first quarter of the year, and the company's financial performance has increased significantly since the first quarter of the year. If the company's financial performance has increased significantly, the company's financial performance has decreased significantly, and if the company's financial performance has decreased significantly, then the company's financial performance has increased significantly, and if the company's financial performance has decreased significantly, then the company's turnover rate will continue to increase significantly, and the company's financial performance will continue to increase significantly. As a result, there is a significant decrease in the number of foreign exchange rates in the U.S., so the impact of fluctuations in the overall exchange rate is within the scope of the operation control, then the tariff section is not about the tariffs and the impact on Taiga Corporation and the Aggregate Corporation, so the proportion of our direct sales to the U.S. is less than 1%, so the direct impact on the reduction of the amount of customers here is not too much, but the main part is that some of our downstream customers have some products such as shoes leaf briefing mentioned in the above, especially we mainly sell some high.

In fact, the main influence is this uncertainty, because our customers, their customers, the outlook for the future of the economy behind this outlook, the whole supply chain, the price of buying has been affected. So in fact, at the beginning of April, our orders were obviously feeling a contraction situation, and then later this U.S.-China negotiations were much better than expected. So on that day, I regret that the next day the market situation had a more obvious improvement, but I personally felt that the tariffs had not been completely restored.

I don't know if there are any other questions on the field or on-site investment advanced or media friends. Well, thank you. The investment advanced questions and the operation team's supplementary explanation, please ask the field and the on-site investment advanced questions to discuss. The general manager with that two questions, the first is that the solar panel after being hit by high tariffs, and then the second half of this year or later, the strength of China's financial subsidized solar power generation will not be the whole if looking back at China's solar installation is high or YY or a percentage has passed.

Thank you. I first answered the questions about the origin of photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovolic photovoltaic photovolic photovoltaic photovolic photovolic photovoltaic photovolic photovoltaic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovoltaic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photore photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic photovolic

That's why we're looking at the long-term outlook for solar energy. So we can see from this point of view that the first quarter of the year is likely to be high, but not the whole year high. So if this is the case, it's likely that in June or even July, the demand for China in photovoltaic might be a little weaker, but it may be reversible later.

As for the part of the overseas industry, we are also concerned about China's construction plants in order to avoid the previous two years, the U.S. double opposition to mainland China, so there are factories in Vietnam in Thailand here in Indonesia. Then the whole of these overseas plants.

This is the reason why we need to be able to sell solar panels to the U.S., and we need to be able to sell the film directly to the U.S. because of our customers' feedback. However, how many of these are because it is the U.S. research on photovoltaic, it is limited to building solar panels and solar cells, for the film, it is not limited, that is, if our customers sell the film directly to the U.S., it is not a problem. Another thing is that India, because it is really good for this policy, so we just mention that we have to say that the layout of EVA at the photovoltaic level is actually very early to notice this, and that the current supply of photovoltaic-level EVA is mainly three areas in supply, that mainland China and Taiwan has a little bit of Thailand in the past, but most of these three areas, which are outside China.

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.