Welcome to the Taiwan Aggregate Chemicals Co., Ltd.'s briefing session. Today's meeting is hosted by Asia Aggregate Co., Ltd., a joint venture company. First, we would like to introduce the management team of today's meeting. The general manager of Asia Aggregate Co., Ltd. is Mr. Wu Peiqi, the business director of Asia Aggregate Co., Ltd. is Mr. Huang Keming, and the accounting manager is Mr. Zhang Shichuan.

Today's meeting will be a presentation around the company's earnings and financial situation. Thank you for your investment, friends, media friends, and gentlemen and ladies. Thank you for attending today's briefing.

First of all, let's take a look at the first joint statement. This please consider. Today's report is divided into four parts: a brief introduction of the company, an overview of surplus and outlook, a large-scale reference and a financial manager's report.

The first part of the company introduction and introduction. The content of this part is in addition to the sales market NT$58.1% in 2024, and the combined 60.300 million. Other designs follow the movement. In this regard, our production capacity did not change too much, or think about the high-pressure recovery.

The level of the product is very large, from about ten years ago, here in Taiwan, the main development of products in Asia is the application of the medium-high-end lord. The middle-high-end part, what, for example, is food packaging or packaging of electronic products, including very, for example, to go to its combination, and then shake the cup, there will be cloud products. In addition, micro-products, including our pictures can be seen, such as the girl's hygienic cotton or diapers, these micro-products.

In addition, in the medical device, we can see that there are some respiratory tubes, we will see the products that will be used. Other, more general applications, such as the shopping bag I saw in the market, these basically, about 10 years ago, because the medium material is cheap, so many domestic applications, in fact, we can only import the materials, so most of us just keep this relatively medium-sized application.

The other two areas of this main development difference is the hospital unresolved hospital, which in general is more traditional production of the application, which in recent years, it has also actually had some update of new products, it requirements for the product, there is some difference from the past. We have about a year ago, our main focus in the development of a new product is the development of this, that is, the wire and cable, there are common applications with some more special, included in high-speed rail, these more special applications at the airport, then this is our new project in the past. Let's look at our operation, such a hierarchicalization.

First, let's take a look at our upstream, raw materials include ethylene, including crude oil. In 2024, we can look at this picture of ethylene and crude oil from 2022 to 2024. This crude oil is O'Brent's price of crude oil, and ethylene is the price of Northeast Asia's line temperature.

In fact, the ethylene part is actually in the last year, we can look at this purple line, the ethylene part is in fact it is relatively smooth compared to the previous year. The main reason is that the first oil price in the high level, the second mainland petrochemical plant it has been expanding capacity, it light oil cracking it to buy light oil, so it provides a strong support for the price of light oil.

From just seeing our upside down situation, just released this slightly increased but our price, you can see that here is the price of our factory from 2022 to 2024. Below this is a vinyl price one is the price of BM, the four lines above are the price of EM.

It is obvious to see the price slid down a little from 2022 onwards. Especially in the first quarter of 2024, it was slightly rebounded a little bit by the end of the first quarter. Then the price was always under pressure from April to April. By the end of the fourth quarter, the price was slightly reversible.

The blue line is 228 to 30%. This represents the price of hot glue and photovoltaic and we talk about soft materials. The other green line is the one we just sent to you is the price of Lavon grade post-covid grade EVA. So here you can see that if the total price of 2024 compares with 2023, this price is actually much worse than 2023.

The price of LDP is relatively cheap compared to 2024. The general-purpose price is probably between 1050 and 1050. Then, of course, the unexpired or even some relatively high application price is higher than that of Taiwan. The price of LDP is less stressful than the reservation. So let's take a look at this part of LDP.

But last year we made some adjustments when the appointment was not good. So the LDP sales table was relatively easy to grow in 2024. The part of this growth is mainly out of business. That is, because most of China's petrochemical plants tried to go bankrupt, and that their bankruptcy was in fact part of the EP.

So the bankrupt of P for analogy is really not obvious. That's why we were poor at EBA in the second quarter of last year to the third quarter of that year, and then at that time, most of the LDP's head-level was short. That's why the company incorporated a portion of the production line to produce EBA. So the sales of LDP in 2024 grew by 39% compared to last year.

Last year, the supply and demand of China's entire continent was slowly changing. Then again, in the face of demand, I probably saw the growth of economic growth is also slowing down. Then the demand for photovoltaic growth is not as expected. Then I might have to say in this place that the growth of PV in demand for photovoltaic growth is not really low in 2024.

So the photovoltaic level on the bankrupt side of the mainland has gradually entered the field of these photovoltaic. So that's why this position is very short. So our main customers may be locked up by more than a month's growth. So now, once and looking forward to the bankrupt operation, this doesn't need to be so much because the installation volume of photovoltaic level is not recycled. But in fact, the demand for photovoltaic level EV in this market is really not very good.

So the whole pressure is going deep in the room type. That's right, until October last year, many of the cargo traders in mainland China set up their factory for their views or pessimism in the fourth quarter. But because the whole process is constantly reducing the parts too much, so after mid-October, the EVA factory found that it was not easy to recover the parts when the parts were to be recovered.

The U.S. dollar market delayed more than a month after the import volume of this dollar sweating market from isolation and slowly rising to the present. So in addition to this supply chain in the reduction of many of the petrochemical plants, including our laboratory, he did this thing with a collection attack or a dedicated action. So the entire income surplus of EVA is either the entire over-earning of the packager or the excess of the manufacturer was actually making a sharp drop at the time.

Another big report here is that if we were to look at EVA in the past, the amount of ash-free oil in 2024 was a pretty obvious contraction. It was a contraction of 300,000 tonnes. So the number is actually a little bit like a bit of eating heart when you see this number.

But in fact, we learned about the main use area of our downstream. The real demand is not very clear, and the difference between us is not too big. So why is it that the most important thing to see is that the EVA industry in the mainland of our peers decreases solidification and then there are a lot of traders, including downstream factories, and they also do the downstream factory, according to our survey of the number of downstream traders in the country, the first time that the EVA farmers in the mainland probably lowered about 10,000 tons, and the actual area of life of the EVA industry in the mainland, in 2020, it is estimated that more than in 2023, and we are expected that this is because the main specifications of the new products are in the products, including steel and photovoltaic products, or we are easier to produce foaming machines, the variable is that the EVA content is about 14% to 20%, and then the run down some are preloaded in this point, so it is more intense, there is that there is nothing at this time, there is basically, there is nothing at the mainland, and there is only a product that has to be more than the first try to do more than the next time, the next time, and then supply of the next year. The DP part is about less than 9000 tons, so it's not just that we just reported that it's 6 days of our sales is basically relative then we take a look at the operation of the 2060 B level, we look at the average rate of the recent U.S. release of China on Canada's Mexico, including China's economy, the growth of the global economy after the global economy is probably the view that some of the other Russian-Ukraine war here also seems to be negotiating so that it is also a peace rate report, then OPEC in April is also expected to increase production so crude oil is about January 15, so it's actually a bit slower at the insurance speed, then the west part is in the fourth quarter of last year, and January or February before the more strong, mainly because the mainland's SPA site contains the entire complex, but its downstream of P1 and DG network, so it does not have no up raw materials to buy raw materials to buy these raw materials.

First of all, let's look at the 113-year consolidated profit and loss section, the 113-year consolidated profit and loss section, which is 6 billion, which is about 10% less than 112-year 6.7 billion, and that is mainly because the sales portion is about 4% higher than the overall average price of 13%. This affects the Maori side, because the entire average price fell 13%, the other in the raw material part of the price also rose about 10%. So the total price difference was reduced to the difference. So the total price difference in 113-year gross profit margin was only 2%, the total gross profit margin was about 15% less than the 112-year gross profit margin, and the gross profit portion was about 10 billion.

The operating expenses for the next 113 years are 2.44 million, which is mainly due to the increase in shipping costs, so an increase of about 22 million compared to 112 million. Then the operating profit of the central portion of the industry is 1.35 billion, so the operating loss of 113 years is 1.09 billion, the loss rate is-12%. The same said gross profit margin decreased, so the operating rate is about 1.3 billion. Then the external part of the business expenditure is 8.11 billion, then the composition of this is mainly from the loss of investment is 9.61 million, then the investment refers to the loss of 8600 million, the other is to encourage the loss of excavation of 30 million a half-million, then the number of the number of the number of the number of this figure is - 2.31 billion compared with the 114 years, an increase of 38 million.

That is, if it is not $9,100 million is an original calculation, I will lose 1.26 dollars and will not lose 0,200 million dollars. Then the next line is because there is also the preparation of the individual water meter then I must put the individual's water supply numbers in this place, but because the company's subsidiary is relatively small compared with the company's subsidiary is also 100% owned, so some of the subsidiary's revenue costs in the merger water meter will income to the investment losses of the combined water meter. So the number of these two reports will basically be too large.

The debt-to-asset ratio rose to 16% from 111% in 112 to 13% in 113. The current ratio for the 113 year was 299 trajectory. The average store-to-store days were 25 days, compared to the previous year, the average store-to-store turnover was relatively small compared to the end of 113 year. The average revenue-to-store days in 113 year were shorter than the 112-year-to-year-to-year period, so the average store-to-store days in 113-year-to-average 38-day was a very small difference from the 39-year-year-to- 112-year period.

那麼以上是我報告的謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝 大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝 大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝 大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝謝大家謝。

Next, the fund team invited us to share a briefing thank you. Here is a part of the report. The report outline is the same as the Aggregate. Basically, our team is the same.

First, let's take a look at the company's profile. The company's company profile is a little bit mentioned here. The capital is 118 billion. The number of employees is 429 by March this year. Compared to the same period last year, it has decreased by 28 people.

Let's look at the business person again. The business person this year because of the entire kinetics. Especially our products are mainly kinetics and conveniences. Mainly in the kinetics. The gap between convenience and convenience is relatively large. Let's take a look at that chart today.

You can see that picture. You can see the price of the volunteer business. Last year compared to 2023 is more than 30,000. On the other hand, sales have no effect. In the past, our volunteer business was full-fledged.

There was no production last year. Some of them stopped working. So we said that we had revenue from Taiwan clusters. It was only $88.2 billion. Compared to the same period last year, it was 110.5 billion. That is less.

The merger is pretty much the same. But it's basically less than the previous year. It's a little less than 2023. But the total merger is a little less.

Then we saw the two of them, and the first was the high-pressure method. The main production obligation is with the LDPE. This plant is the same as the device. So there is no update.

If the production of the whole LDPE is 40,000 tons, it is still the same as before. But in 2024, the output will be a significant recession in 2023. Let's take a look at 2023. In 2023, it's almost the factory.

Except for a little mistake. A little pause for a day or two. Except for a word. 2023 is almost the whole plant. The whole plant is the whole factory is the volunteer. So if the industry is the obligation.

This means that about 1 thousand tons are produced in a month. I speak in the history of the law. This is our duty. If the normal production of a month is about 1 thousand tons, compared to 2024.

This is a relatively low start rate. All can be produced. Because the output is only 11 million. Mainly the market situation is not good. Sometimes the price of the voluntary industry is less than the start of the job. The main thing is to stop working.

So, if you think 2023 is the year, then it's about 83% job opening rate in 2023. It's been more than ten years. Almost all of our jobs are factory-wide. In addition to the incident that stopped for 60 days in 2022.

It's pretty much the same as the previous year, and we've seen a lot of things happen in the past.

Another factory is the sub giant PE. We are different from the sub giant PE. We are D Yava. Unlike the sub giant is Gao Yava. It is also a little PE. Our D Yava produces HDP and line.

DPE is also used. In the past two years, the volume of this plant is not good. In 2023, the volume of the plant was only more than 8,000 tons. In 2024, it was all over the place.

The opening rate was only 65%. That was about 60% in 2024. This was relative to the time of the pandemic. In 2021, the opening rate was still very strong. At the time of the pandemic in 2021.

This two-year period should be the three-year period. The starting rate has declined since 2022. That was 70% in 2022. That was 20% in 2023. 6 percent in 2024.

The rest is 6 percent. That is, the whole environment is not good. Basically, last year's big environment did not improve much. Although it is a relatively supply and demand, especially in a situation where the demand is relatively weak.

It's been two or three years and we're back to talking about the situation.

I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here again, I'm here again, I'm here again, you can refer to the giant department.

"This is the first time we have seen this," he said, "and this is the last time we have seen this, and this is the last time we have seen this."

And he said unto them, Behold, I say unto you, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he shall be born of water and of the Spirit, he shall be born of water and of the Spirit.

This is the first of the two verses of the Qur'an: "And We have created the jinn and the jinn, and We have made the jinn and the men and the women of the earth, and We have made the jinn and the men and the women of the earth, and We have made the jinn and the men and the women of the earth, and We have made the jinn and the men and the women of the earth."

The price of the EVA is the same as the price of the raw material. The price of the EVA is the same as the price of the EVA.

With the orange VA. Add the purple below. This spread can be done. But this sub-quote has already been rewritten. This curious change.

But here I am taking a look at the situation in Taiwan. Overall takes a look at it. If it is from Canada, it can be seen. 2022.

2024. The price of this EVA is here with the raw material. The price difference is this: This Spray. The spider chain goes down. That's how this results.

If we say 2022, TSMC EVA will make a lot of money. That's until 2022, 2023. Profit at least EVA. If you say reduce at least half.

And it came to pass in the eleventh year, when he was come to pass, [that] when he was ten years old, when he was ten years old, when he came to the land of Egypt, when he came to the land of Egypt, when he came to the land of Egypt, when he came to the land of Egypt, when he came to the land of Egypt, when he came to the land of Egypt, when he came to the land of Egypt, when he came to the land of Egypt, when he came to the land of Egypt.

This is mainly because of the whole. This economic environment is not good for the needs of the environment. Growing up, combined with the yield of the goods too much, resulting in the change of EVA over the years is just a big change.

Looking back on 2021, 2020 or 2020.

This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Using cookies should enable the user to use certain functions, share on social networks and edit messages and advertisements. By clicking on the “OK” button, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. For additional information, please see our privacy policy. In the past year, we have checked that more than 95,000 tonnes of China's production expansion is too fast, so in recent years, we have already transferred to the market outside China. We have said that if we look at the last three years, we will see that we are about three percent of China's first three percent in 2023, then we have six percent in 2022, then we have left about three percent from the second quarter of 2022 to the second quarter of 2023, and we have left about three percent from the second quarter of 2022, because the market is too low because the price is too low and the price is too low.

Everyone is not good, but the same recession in 2024. The recession is the same as in 2023 compared to 2020. So roughly, sales in 2024 are at least 1.8% relative to 2023. And there are also some expansions in the mainland, so its low self-sufficiency rate has probably increased to 70%.

In addition, we now mainly use Taiya or medium oil ethylene, which the oil ethylene in recent years its price is higher than the current ethylene, which also increases the cost of a large amount of pressure on the operator. That basically we are high density and current here or maintain the domestic sales as a priority, which means that one of our owners is to sell to export, about 80% or more is to double or export. But the part of our P is about 7 percent of the domestic sales, which is why we are relatively less competitive in the domestic sales, which is why we are relatively low in the P field open rate.

In addition, in part of the trading period of P, these said to the Middle East A.U.A., Southeast Asia relatively improved, which basically sorted why we see more than half of its losses is also a small loss, mainly we maintain high quality we are with these requirements high-quality pre-sale travel, so the price is relatively smooth, so the effect is stable. However, this is only limited, so we have to do some more common P. This is a small amount, this is by my regional help desk to report, then this part of the next part of me to introduce, I am here to add you to the foot, the last year last year of the global loading machine more than 530 million, this is a high point than at the time, if there is a 2025, about 530 to 500 such a situation.

The main reason for this is because the economy is bad, and the other reason is that there are some shipyards in the foreign trade, as our main customers in Guanwu were in the mainland, then all of them outside of us supply them to Southeast Asia, they go to Southeast Asia to set up the factory, etc., so the demand of the entire continent also reduces the economic demand is not good with the foreign trade, so you look at Guanwu's proportion of reducing the demand, but it has decreased the proportion, but some it is foreign trade to other countries.

那韓國在六月，韓國30萬噸的產能，也就是說後面，因為還是要競爭的，那必須有一些差異化的差別，不然還是2014年的一個整個狀況，不會改變太大，那這個年齡展望，那這部分，不提了，亞軍那邊已經有交代過了，那看一下這個第一季的展望，第一季的展望，第一條，那個上半年，關我需求的產望，那這個在亞軍那邊，他已經有說明了，我們看第二條，那第二條是美國對中國太陽能製裁，所以中國太陽能產業有五月來，太古印尼等地設產，那隨著這些到外地東南亞或者是印度等地設產，那我們公司的客戶，也有去，所以我們的銷售量，也有到這些地方，那未來，我們會因應這樣的情況，中國的供應態度，那建設生產力還降回過，那我們銷售大陸，這些東南亞地區，我們算美金的嘛，那大家都是免稅，不是，但是銷售免稅美金地方免稅，越南還是免稅，那如果銷售大陸，要供過去的，我們太陽稅，大家都一樣平等，但是到大陸，我們不平等，我們進去要關稅，然後大陸生產，本身地方自己沒有關稅，所以我們銷售地區關我的，我們量會降低，然後銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低， 我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們 量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低， 我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售地區，我們量會降低，我們銷售。

Annual fee of 1.3 billion. Total operating fee of 5.89 billion. Operating fee of 5.89 billion is mainly increased by 37 million. Personnel and other management costs are reduced by 50 million. Therefore, operating costs are reduced by 13 million compared to the previous year.

Net operating interest rate negative 8%. An industry loss of 16.5.8 billion. These 16.5.8 billions are principally TSMC companies. 16.94% of investment losses in listed shares in accordance with the equity law. So total of 13.26 billion investment losses in listed shares.

In addition, in accordance with the rights and interests law, TSMC recognized the merger of subsidiary Huaxia Taida Lanqi Sanitary Co., Ltd.'s investment company losses. Totally recognized losses of 500 million investment. Therefore, the loss of outside industry losses of 16.58 billion is mainly based on the total investment losses recognized by the rights and interests law of TSMC. The loss of TSMC's pre-tax loss is 23.89 billion. Net net profit loss after deduction of the tax benefits.

The combined sales revenue of 2024 million. The combined sales revenue of this merger is the combined sales revenue of the combined subsidiaries of Huaxia Taida, etc. The combined sales revenue of the combined sales revenue of the combined subsidiaries of Huaxia Taida, together with its own sales revenue.

The combined gross profit of the combined gross profit of 2.2.97 billion decreased by 3.3 billion. The combined gross profit of 4% decreased by 7 percentage points. On the contrary, the cost of the combined gross profit increased by 2.7 billion in March 2024.

The main thing is the increase in shipping costs of $295 million. The combined business loss of 2 billion. The combined business external expenditure of 3.5 billion. Within the 3.5 billion is mainly the merger of subsidiary companies in accordance with the equity law, 50% of the investment losses of the listed shares. So the total investment losses of 39.2 billion in the listed shares are combined. So the total investment losses of 39.2 billion in the listed shares are combined.

Therefore, the total investment loss of 39.2 million in the consolidated listed shares. In addition, due to the depreciation of Taiwan Dollar in June this year, the combined exchange profit of $2.5 billion. In addition, the consolidated dividend income of $1.5 billion. Therefore, the total loss of 35.09 billion outside the industry. The consolidated tax loss of 55.18 billion.

The total non-public fee generated by a merger is 27.62 million. Next, take a look at TSMC's consolidated financial statements and forecasts. The consolidated operating profit rate of -4% in 2024. Equity ratio -10%.

This is mainly due to the decrease in the profits of each company compared to the previous year due to the decrease in operating interest rates and equity rates compared to the previous year. In addition, due to the increase in the debt ratio of the loss of investment combined with the equity ratio of the shares in the industry and the equity ratio of the shares in the previous year, the increase in this ratio is mainly due to the increase in borrowings by the merger company by 2.4 billion at the end of 2024.

Average sales days -41 days. Average sales days -52 days. Compared with the previous year, it is generally maintained. Next, take a look at the change in the earnings dividends of US stocks. Although this year is a loss of US stocks after tax 2 dollars in 2024, in order to balance dividend policy considerations and avoid the expansion of the share capital, we will always follow the articles of association to approve the cash dividend of US stocks $0.2.

This cash dividend was passed after the General Assembly's resolution on 29 May this year. Thank you. Next time, we will do our Q&A. Thank you very much for sharing the explanations brought by the management team in Taiwan and the two cities.

This is the first time that I have asked you questions about the MBA of Taiwan and the MBA of the region. First of all, I would like to ask you some advanced questions about the LGBT community at the enrollment stage. First of all, Ms. Sandy asked if we can dig the Group's application measures based on the estimated petrochemical capacity of the supply research team in the same year to 2028 to explain more details about the transformation of tea products and the current results. I would like to ask you to answer this question again.

This sales volume is very high alone. It is mainly the sales volume of the party army here. This is so much more. This includes these four or more bags. Then there is the first product of the money, Ms. Lu. There is also the holding ball iron stored by Li Li Liwen.

When asked about the company's plan for refinancing petrochemical. Otherwise, there is no future plan for the loss. This year's outlook is expected to be vested. Please general manager answer. About refining petrochemical company. Then I want to do this overall.

This is the year of the Lord of the harvest, the year of the harvest, the year of the harvest, the year of the harvest, the year of the harvest, the year of the harvest, and the year of the harvest.

I would like to start from two aspects: one is the price. This one is called cost reduction. one is called efficiency. Increase utility. The portion of the downfall is mainly in it.

Enjoy the raw material of the tin cracking furnace. The main raw material is hydrogen oil. It will explore more sources of hydrogen oil. Hope to obtain more cost. Competitive source of hydrogen oil.

Then there is the other. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger. Pottinger.

The net material of the cracking furnace. When it can produce better benefits than hydrogen oil. Mines and petrochemical companies will implement this option. So in general. Mines and petrochemical companies in addition to the hydrogen oil that was just mentioned.

Also consider this. The option to break the furnace nets. In short, it is hoped that from this aspect of the breaker nets. Find ways to reduce costs. Increase benefits.

This is one of them. The second is that the products of the miner and petrochemical company. There are also some optimizations of the product portfolio. Looking back from the market. In which specific markets.

In this application can pass through the sales channels. Generate better benefits. Mines and petrochemical companies will also make efforts in this regard. So in summary, the severity of the entire petrochemical industry. I think this year.

Let's do it from the point of view of the refining petrochemical company. Then look at this again. Let's increase the cost performance. Let's make a booking in both ways. Thank you. Then Ms. Chen of Tobang asked.

This year's carbon emissions will have an impact on the company. So that's part of it. Here we refer to the regulations that have been announced about carbon emissions. This increase is expected.

The increase in cost actually affects it. It's not too big. So above is the Bonmi phase. Instead, some questions. So it's not on the site or the other on the site. Instead, there are other problems.

Thank you. From today's question. There is a team to complement the question. So now it's open on-site and the current question. So first ask. Then I want to know more about the price of the PTA.

It is as if the month of Ramadan is the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, and the month of Ramadan.

So that's why I'm looking to add a new production. It looks like it's going to fall in the second half of the year. That's not the whole situation for the first half of the year. It's going to remain that level now. Thank you for your question.

We are divided into two parts. Take a look at the price of light red. So light red-class price. Of course, it is around 1300 pieces of money. Received about 1400 pieces of money. So light red-class part.

The rest of the total price is a little lower. Then the high-end companies of Taiwan. And the country of Taiwan. And all the companies of Taiwan. The price in the market is slightly higher. So about the average price of light red.

So about 3300 pieces of money. 290 pieces of money between 1300 pieces of money. Then this software. About 26% to 18%. So if it is pure. General application.

This is a bit of a weird price, but it's because our products are on the market, and some of them are on the market, and some of them are on a slightly higher price, so we're developing some.

Some specials. They are not general-purpose products. For example, the price of the server that feeds the chicken. Now it may be worth it. Between 1300 and 1400 dollars. But then it is worth it.

"We have a lot of good news for you," he said, "and we have a lot of good news for you, and we have a lot of good news for you, and a lot of bad news for you.

This is what we are talking about now, and what we are talking about now, and what we are talking about now, and what we are talking about now, and what we are talking about now, and what we are talking about now.

This is the only way to get the most out of this world, and we are the ones who have seen it, and we are the ones who have seen it, and we are the ones who have seen it, and we are the ones who have seen it, and we are the ones who have seen it, and we are the ones who have seen it, and we are the ones who have seen it, and we are the ones who have seen it, and we are the ones who have seen it, and we are the ones who have seen it, and we are the ones who have seen it.

Then the next wave of new products may be. will be in June. will be carried out. then in the second half of September. may be carried out.

They will see what they want, and we will see what they want, and we will see what they want, and we will see what they want, and we will see what they want, and we will see what they want.

Photovoltaic products. Because it is after all in EBA. Halloween. It is our Followback.

The price of the EBA really has a big impact on the price of the EBA. Then we see this EBA package container, which is based on this.

It's in, so far, it's relative to the packaging container, because it's in the year, before the winter, it's relatively light.

It's the best way to do it, so we're also doing it right now. Thanks for asking.

I would like to know if there is a better way to do this, but would you like to know more about the new year? Is there a simple way to let investors know? Thank you.

We ask whether our company will determine the open amount according to the company's operating conditions when this consideration is independent, and then according to the company's articles of association to determine the open amount? Then last year? Kaiju company's tax or loss of $0.19 per share, then the last year's cash reward is $0.35? That is mainly because the last year's BA product is also a filter product, that Kaiju company was also filtered last year about 1 billion, so for example, there was a lapse of cash reward $0.35? So what is the year?

So is there a resolution in March this year? Although this year is a tax loss of 2 yuan, why does this include the impact of investment losses on the appointment of a reinvestment company? So the resolution includes a cash incentive of 0.2 yuan?

Two sentences here, 112 years or more filtered 0.25, then it was issued $0.15? Then the 113 year loss was also paid $0.26? Did we decide to issue $0.25 of the cash incentives? So what is the way to wait for shareholders to confirm and then go? Well, now we have the advanced online question, then want to ask the economic team?

What is the point of the EVN? What is the point of the EVN? What is the point of the EVN? In fact, we are still in other countries, so we are in the South and Taiwan, in the mainland, this relatively large production line?

But in the face of EVN, we have not yet heard that China is Southeast Asia or South Korea and here there is an EVN factory? Then Taiwan can now be shut down the factory? The only one could be Sinopec? As for EVN in Beijing, it could be because this program can actually come to rule? On the one hand, it is manual is the second hand in Beijing is the effect of its Kanan economy, so it has to cut the object of production and flat production.

Some of these small petrochemical plants in Japan have been in the past many years? In fact, they have been doing these things? We have not heard that it has been in the EVN factory or that it has been doing this for a while.

We have an advanced question on the tail line, so you want to ask the economic team? Is Taia in April to cooperate with the station parking plan planning? Thank you. Both sides, because it has a parking situation, so there will be four lines in April's public notice, and there will be parking about a file?

Okay. So because of the timing of the schedule, this place is a first step here, once again, thank you to Asia Polymer Chemicals Co., Ltd., and the management team of Taiwan Polymer Chemicals Co., Ltd. for sharing and answering today?