Welcome to the Taiwan Aggregate Chemicals Co., Ltd.'s briefing session. Today's meeting is hosted by Asia Aggregate Co., Ltd., a joint venture company. First, we would like to introduce the management team of today's meeting. The general manager of Asia Aggregate Co., Ltd. is Mr. Wu Peiqi, the business director of Asia Aggregate Co., Ltd. is Mr. Huang Keming, and the accounting manager is Mr. Zhang Shichuan.

They will give us a briefing, including a report on the company's earnings and financial situation. Thank you for your investment, friends, media friends, and Mr. and Mrs. Thank you for your attention to our briefing session today. I am Avignon Wong Keming.

First of all, let's take a look at the first joint statement. This please consider. I am going to report today in four parts: a brief introduction to the company, an overview of earnings and outlook, a report of a large-scale reference and a financial manager.

The first part of the company introduction and introduction. This part, in addition to the sales market of NT$58.1% in 2024, is said to be 60.300 million. Other designs follow the movement. This is a reference to the fact that our production capacity has not changed too much over the years, or to think about the high-pressure recovery.

The product is very large, which is the main product developed from about ten years ago here in Taiwan here in Asia is the application of this high-end this kind of lord. The middle and high-end parts, such as food packaging or packaging of electronic products, including very, for example, to go to its combination, and then shake the cup, there will be cloud products.

In addition, it may be used in packaging products, which are more high-end applications, such as semiconductor packaging or some protective film used in the home protective film, special protection film of this lanyard, and even optical products. In addition, on medical devices, we can see what kind of respiratory tubes we will use, and then this is our new project in the past.

First, let's take a look at our upstream raw materials containing ethylene containing crude oil. In a review of the 2024 room type, we can take a look at this chart below which is the vinyl and crude oil from 2022 to 2024. This blue line basically has more than 70 highs per barrel for most of the year. It only seems like less than a week or two it gets more than 69, so most of the time is more than 70.

The main reason is that crude oil price is the first petrochemical plant in the high second continent it has been expanding its capacity. It light oil cracks it to buy light oil, so it provides a strong support for the price of light oil. The light oil is mainly because we see this raw material of light oil cracking plant, the main source of its cost is light oil, so the cost of light oil does not come down. So in 2024 our vinyl cost is actually slightly increased compared to 2023.

It is obvious to see the price slid down a little from 2022 onwards. Especially in the first quarter of 2024, it was slightly rebounded a little bit by the end of the first quarter. Then the price was always under pressure from April to April. By the end of the fourth quarter, the price was slightly reversible.

The blue line is 228 to 30%. This represents the price of hot glue and photovoltaic and we talk about soft materials. The other green line is the one we just sent to you is the price of Lavon grade post-covid grade EVA. So here you can see that if the total price of 2024 compares with 2023, this price is actually much worse than 2023.

The price of LDP is relatively cheap compared to 2024. The general-purpose price is probably between 1050 and 1050. Then, of course, the unexpired or even some relatively high application price is higher than that of Taiwan. The price of LDP is less stressful than the reservation. So let's take a look at this part of LDP.

But last year we made some adjustments when the appointment was not good. So the LDP sales table was relatively easy to grow in 2024. The part of this growth is mainly out of business. That is, because most of China's petrochemical plants tried to go bankrupt, and that their bankruptcy was in fact part of the EP.

So the bankrupt of P for analogy is really not obvious. That's why we were poor at EBA in the second quarter of last year to the third quarter of that year, and then at that time, most of the LDP's head-level was short. That's why the company incorporated a portion of the production line to produce EBA. So the sales of LDP in 2024 grew by 39% compared to last year.

Last year, the supply and demand of China's entire continent was slowly changing. Then again, in the face of demand, I probably saw the growth of economic growth is also slowing down. Then the demand for photovoltaic growth is not as expected. Then I might have to say in this place that the growth of PV in demand for photovoltaic growth is not really low in 2024.

So the photovoltaic level on the bankrupt side of the mainland has gradually entered the field of these photovoltaic. So that's why this position is very short. So our main customers may be locked up by more than a month's growth. So now, once and looking forward to the bankrupt operation, this doesn't need to be so much because the installation volume of photovoltaic level is not recycled. But in fact, the demand for photovoltaic level EV in this market is really not very good.

So the whole pressure is going deep in the room type. That's right, until October last year, many of the cargo traders in mainland China set up their factory for their views or pessimism in the fourth quarter. But because the whole process is constantly reducing the parts too much, so after mid-October, the EVA factory found that it was not easy to recover the parts when the parts were to be recovered.

The U.S. dollar market delayed more than a month after the import volume of this dollar sweating market from isolation and slowly rising to the present. So in addition to this supply chain in the reduction of many of the petrochemical plants, including our laboratory, he did this thing with a collection attack or a dedicated action. So the entire income surplus of EVA is either the entire over-earning of the packager or the excess of the manufacturer was actually making a sharp drop at the time.

Another big report here is that if we were to look at EVA in the past, the amount of ash-free oil in 2024 was a pretty obvious contraction. It was a contraction of 300,000 tonnes. So the number is actually a little bit like a bit of eating heart when you see this number.

But in fact, we learned about the main use area of our downstream. The real demand is not very clear, and the difference between us is not too big. This is why we see the most important reason why we see the most important reason why China's counterparts of EVA, which lowers the complexity of China's counterparts, then there are many traders, including downstream factories, and they also do the work of trade, according to our survey of light traders who may double the number of times as many as 10 million tons, according to our survey of the mainland's counterparts, and so the actual area of life of EVA in the mainland, in 2020, we expect to be more than 2023, so this is because the main specifications of the new products are in steel and photovoltaic products, and we are more likely to produce more than EVA, and more than EVA, we have more than EVA, we have more than EVA, more than EVA, and more than EVA, we have more than EVA, more than EVA, more than EVA, more than EVA, we have more than EVA, more than , more than EVA, more than EVA, we have more than EVA, more than EVA, more than EVA, more than EVA, more than EVA, we have more than EVA, more than EVA, we have more than EVA more than EVA more than EVA, more than EVA, we have more than EVA, we have more than , more than EVA, more than , more than EVA, more than , more than , more than EVA, more than EVA, we have more than EVA, we have more and more than EVA more than EVA more than EVA, we have more than , more than , we have more than , more than , more than , we have more than , more than , more than , we have more than , we have more than EVA more than , more than EVA more than , we have more than , we have more than EVA, we have more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , more than , , more than , In April, OPEC is planning to increase production so crude oil in January, about January 15, after the creation of the height of the production, is actually a bit slow in insurance, so the western part of the West in the fourth quarter of last year, and this year, January or even February before the more powerful, mainly because the mainland's SPA field includes Bama SPA it is downstream together with this construction, but its downstream part contains P1 and DG of the literature network so it does not have upstream raw materials so it has to go upstream to buy raw materials, so the spot engine it was purchased in the market so that the price of the spot engine provided more support in February, and so there was parking, so it in January, the price of the price of the spot engine was relatively slow in February, but then the price of the price of the market in March, so now is a little more than that we must look at the pressure to go down to the next next month to each month to each side of the next month to each side of the competition with each side of the following.

First of all, let's look at the 113-year consolidated profit and loss section, the 113-year consolidated profit and loss section, which is 6 billion, which is about 10% less than 112-year 6.7 billion, and that is mainly because the sales portion is about 4% higher than the overall average price of 13%. This affects the Maori side, because the entire average price fell 13%, the other in the raw material part of the price also rose about 10%. So the total price difference was reduced to the difference. So the total price difference in 113-year gross profit margin was only 2%, the total gross profit margin was about 15% less than the 112-year gross profit margin, and the gross profit portion was about 10 billion.

The operating expenses for the next 113 years are 2.44 million, which is mainly due to the increase in shipping costs, so an increase of about 22 million compared to 112 million. Then the operating profit of the central portion of the industry is 1.35 billion, so the operating loss of 113 years is 1.09 billion, the loss rate is-12%. The same said gross profit margin decreased, so the operating rate is about 1.3 billion. Then the external part of the business expenditure is 8.11 billion, then the composition of this is mainly from the loss of investment is 9.61 million, then the investment refers to the loss of 8600 million, the other is to encourage the loss of excavation of 30 million a half-million, then the number of the number of the number of the number of this figure is - 2.31 billion compared with the 114 years, an increase of 38 million.

So, if it is not the original calculation, I will lose 1.26 dollars and will not lose 0.2 billion dollars. Then there is the year there is a compilation of the individual water meter then I must put the individual's water supply numbers in here, but because the company's subsidiary is relatively small scale is also 100% owned by the company's subsidiary, so some of the subsidiary's revenue costs in the merger water meter will revenue to the investment losses of the combined water meter, so the number of these two reports will basically be too large.

The current ratio of 113 years is the ratio of 299 momentum to the year before 2253. The average number of days is 25 days, compared with the previous year's year's year's time period, so the revenue position is relatively small compared to the previous year's year's time period. The average revenue of 113 years is shorter than the 112 years, so the average number of days is 38 days, which is very different from the 39 days of 112 years.

That's all I'm thankful for.

Basically, our team is the same. First, let's take a look at the company's profile. The company's company profile is a little bit mentioned here. The capital is 1.8 billion. The number of employees is 429 by March this year.

Let's look at the business person again. The business person this year because of the entire kinetics. Especially our products are mainly kinetics and conveniences. Mainly in the kinetics. The gap between convenience and convenience is relatively large. Let's take a look at that chart today.

You can see that picture. You can see the price of the volunteer industry. Last year compared to 2023 is more than 30,000.

On the other hand, sales have no impact. In the past, our volunteer business was full-fledged. That was last year there was no full-fledged. Some of it was discontinued. So, in other words, we had revenue from Taiwan clusters. Only $88.2 billion.

Compared to the same period last year, it was 110.5 billion. That was less. The merger was a little less. But basically, it was a little less than the previous year. It was a little less than 2023. But the whole merger was a little less.

The sale of the main or Taihei business is relatively small. Let's look at our two factories. The first one is high pressure law. The main production obligation is with LDPE.

The factory is the same as the device. So there is no reduction in updates. If the production of all LDPE is 40,000 tons, it is still the same as before. But in 2024, the output is the same.

Let's take a look at 2023 first. 2023 is almost the factory. Except for a slight mistake. A little stop for a day or two. Beyond that, 2023 is almost the whole factory.

The whole plant is a voluntary business. That is why if the industry is a voluntary business, it can be about 132,000 tonnes. That is to say, about 11,000 tonnes a month. I speak in the history of the law. That is our obligation.

If the normal production of the month is about 1,000 tons. Compared to 2024. This is probably a lower rate. All can produce. Because the production is only 11 million. Mainly the market situation is not good.

Sometimes the price of a voluntary business is less than that of a start-up. It's all about keeping up with it. So if 2023 is considered a voluntary business, it's about 83% of the start-up rate in 2023. It's been more than ten years. Almost all of our voluntary business is factory-wide.

In addition to the 2022 crash that stopped for 60 days. Almost all the things that happened in the past were good. We were in a bad situation last year. Let's take a look at another factory.

Another factory is the sub giant PE. We are different from the sub giant PE. We are D Yava. Unlike the sub giant is Gao Yava. It is also a little PE. Our D Yava produces HDP and line.

DPE is also used. In the past two years, the volume of this plant is not good. In 2023, the volume of the plant was only more than 8,000 tons. In 2024, it was all over the place.

The opening rate was only 65%. That was about 60% in 2024. This was relative to the time of the pandemic. In 2021, the opening rate was still very strong. At the time of the pandemic in 2021.

This two-year period should be the three-year period. The starting rate has declined since 2022. That was 70% in 2022. That was 20% in 2023. 6 percent in 2024.

The rest is 6 percent. That is, the whole environment is not good. Basically, last year's big environment did not improve much. Although it is a relatively supply and demand, especially in a situation where the demand is relatively weak.

It's been two or three years and we're back to talking about the situation.

I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm on this side of Lee Xi. I'm repeated again. You can refer to the big department. It's basically an independent team.

This is what we have seen, and this is what we have seen; this is what we have seen; this is what we have seen; this is what we have seen; this is what we have seen; this is what we have seen; this is what we have seen, and this is what we have seen.

This is what we have been given; this is what we have been given; this is what we have been given; this is what we have been given; this is what we have been given; this is what we have been given; this is what we have been given; this is what we have been given.

We do not have any tags for This Is Us lyrics. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

However, the quantity is relatively small, so if you look at this Spray, it is the price of EVA compared to the raw material. If you look at the price difference of Western VA, just look at the top of this.

This is a slippery slope, but it's a slippery slope, and I'm sure I'm going to take a look at this one.

Overall Take a look at it. If it is from Canada, it can be seen here. 2022. 2024.

The price of this EVA is here with the raw material. This price spread. This spread. The spider chain goes down. That's how this results. If we talk about it in 2022.

TSMC EVA also earns a lot of money. That's until 2022. 2023. Earn at least EVA. If you say cut down at least half. Then still make a profit.

But by 2024, it became an EVA loss, so we have been in the past ten years. EVA is very difficult. There is a loss. This is mainly because of the whole.

This economic environment is poor demand. Growth has grown. With too much production gain. That's why EVA has changed over the years. It's just a matter of looking back to 2021.

2020 or 2020, similar TSMC is in a high. EVA is in a high-purity condition. When we look at the next page.

This is the part of PE. This part of PE is the three pages of this factory. If we look back on ten years, these three pages are the worst thing called, that is, these three pages will lose HDPE, HDPE is the worst, that is, this factory will be a small profit before this EVA, that is, this three pages will become a small loss, but from this picture out of this, the instrument of the intermediary, the change is larger, then if we simply one, that is, in 2020, that our losses, more than 20 million, more than 30 million, 30 million, then 2023, the losses left more than 10 million, 13 million, or 2020, or four years, because this just said the job rate has decreased, so we have to expand to 2,000, but this small loss, so this time has become a lot, we have more than the next year, we have more than the next year, 2021, 2021, we have a lot more than that we have a lot of sales. The first runner-up has said, I don't want to say anymore, because last year's market situation was not good, because last year's market was too low, especially when the price was high, we stopped working, because we didn't give this loss a little bit, so that's what it was last year, we checked, lost more than 95,000 tonnes, more than 95,000 tonnes, this is what I have to answer, that's another, the mainland's output, expanded too much, and fast, so over the past few years, Korean drama has been transferred, outside the mainland market, we like, we said, we saw, we saw, last year, about three percents, last year's, 2023, when we got six percent, and then in 2022, we fell to six percents last year, and last year's last year's, the rest of us, the rest of the rest of the mainland, that is only three, that's.

That part of the guangwu. The other part of our guangwu proportion is relatively large, then almost now, we three categories, foaming hot dragon gun fog, that foaming we are relatively high-end, compared to high-end foaming, in fact, is the same as business, about 30,30 provinces and more, so the decline of the mainland, the guangwu proportion, that is the same as the first army, the stock is determined, that is, because our products, it is slightly different, how beautiful the second army, how strong the military, etc., so we are in the proportion of the guangwu proportion, because now the threshold of guangwu, not high, but also reduce the sales area of the mainland.

Sales of at least 1.8% in 2024 compared to 2023 compared to 2020. In addition, there are some expansions in mainland China, so its low self-sufficiency rate has probably increased to 70%.

In addition, we now mainly or medium oil ethylene, which has been sold in recent years is higher than the current ethylene, which is also a big cost. The pressure on the operator is basically that we are high density and current here or maintain the domestic sales as a priority, which means that one of our owners is to sell to export, about 80% is double or export. But the part of our P is about 7 percent is domestic sales, which is relatively not so much competition, which is why we are relatively low in the P field open rate.

In addition, in part of the trading period of P, these said to the Middle East A.U.A., Southeast Asia relatively improved, which basically sorted why we see more than half of its losses is also a small loss, mainly we maintain high quality we are with these requirements high-quality pre-sale travel, so the price is relatively smooth, so the effect is stable. However, this is only limited, so we have to do some more common P. This is a small amount, this is by my regional help desk to report, then this part of the next part of me to introduce, I am here to add you to the foot, the last year last year of the global loading machine more than 530 million, this is a high point than at the time, if there is a 2025, about 530 to 500 such a situation.

The main reason for this is because the economy is bad, and the other reason is that there are some shipyards in the foreign trade, like our main customers in the mainland, who were out of the country, we supply them to Southeast Asia, they go to Southeast Asia to set up the factory, etc., so the demand of the whole continent also reduces the economic demand is bad with the foreign trade, so you look at the proportion of Guanwu lowering demand, but it has decreased the proportion, but some of it is foreign trade to other countries.

There must be some disparity, or there must be a whole situation in 2014 that will not change too much. This age outlook, that does not mention, the first half of the first quarter, the first look, the first half of the first half of the demand for the production, that in the second place, he has explained, we look at the second, the second, the U.S. to China's solar manufacturing, so China's solar industry came to Taikoo Indonesia in May and other places to set up production, so our company's customers also go, so our sales also to these places.

In the future, we will respond to this situation, China's supply attitude, the construction productivity is also reduced, then we sell the mainland these Southeast Asia regions we calculate the value of U.S. dollars, then we are all tax-free, not, but sales tax-free, Vietnam or duty-free, if we sell the mainland to the past, we will all be equal, but to the mainland we are not equal, we enter the tariff, then the mainland production itself has no tariffs, so the sales area will affect the mainland China, but the needs of our customers in the mainland China less, so we will sell the area will reduce our volume, then the sales area will affect the demand of the mainland, and then the sales area will affect the demand of the mainland China. Reports published by the product. In the afternoon, we saw TSMC's 2024 financial statements, then we first saw TSMC's 2024 individual tax stamps, the sales revenue of TSMC's individual companies in 2024 is 88 billion in 2024, which is a decrease of 2.6 billion compared to the previous year, the sales revenue was reduced mainly because of the EPA product price and sales sales decreased by nearly 20%, so sales revenue was reduced by an amount of $89.64 billion compared to the previous year, so this year's sales cost was reduced by $89.64 billion, so the total sales cost of the year due to rising electricity prices and the decrease in the amount of revenue of the company's gross profit is 1.43 billion, and the total sales cost of the 1% of gross profit is 5.89 billion, the total operating cost is 5.89 billion.

Total of 17.600 million. The tax loss of that ex-resident is 23.89 million. Net profit after deduction of tax. Net loss of 21.47 million. 2 per share. Then take a look at the consolidated profit and loss table, which is listed in 2024.

The consolidated sales revenue of 2024 billion. The consolidated sales revenue is a consolidated profit and loss statement of a consolidated subsidiary such as a subsidiary of Huaxia Tai Ocean Tool. A consolidated profit and loss statement of a consolidated subsidiary such as a subsidiary of Huaxia Tai Ocean Tool.

The combined sales cost of $4.8 billion. Increases $20 billion. February the combined companies in 2024. Because the price of the products decreased the cost of raw materials. So the spread decreased. The combined sales gross profit of $2.297 billion decreased by 3.3 billion.

The combined gross margin decreased by 4% to 7.900 million. On the contrary, the cost of 37.88 million. The increase of 2.7 billion. The main thing is the increase in shipping costs of 29.95 billion. The combined loss of 2. billions in one year. The combined one-year out-of-the-year expenditure of 3.5 billion.

It is mainly a merger of subsidiaries. The continued investment company in accordance with the equity law listed 50% of the investment losses. Therefore, the combined recognition of the compensation of 39.2 billion investment losses. That is also because of the loss of investment this year. The financial depreciation. Therefore, the conversion benefit generated by the merger is 2.5 billion.

That and the dividend income listed in the merger is also 1.5 billion. So total loss of 35.09 billion. The total loss of 55.18 billion before the merger. The combined loss of 49 billion after the tax is issued. The loss of 49 billion is 21.47 billion. The loss of the combined non-public interest is 27.62 billion.

Next, let's look at the ratio analysis of TSMC's consolidated financial statements. 4% of the consolidated operating profit margin in 2024. 10% of the debt-to-income ratio. This is mainly because the profit margins of each company are reduced compared to the previous year.

That's another reason for the loss of liquidation investment due to outside and outside trade. Therefore, the operating profit rate and the interest rate of deposit decreased compared to the previous year. The combined debt accounted for 40% of the assets. This ratio increased compared to the previous year. This is mainly because the combined company's borrowing increased by 2.4 billion at the end of 2024. That's 2.4 billion.

TSMC's borrowings have actually been robbed of 1 billion. The borrowings have been reduced by 1 billion. The remaining 3.4 billion comes from an increase in borrowings from a consolidated subsidiary. The debt to assets account for 40%. The labor ratio has increased by 196% compared to the end of last year.

The fast-freezing ratio is 143%. Average results are 41 days. Average sales days 52 days. Compared to the previous year, it is largely maintained. Then take a look at the changes in the earnings dividends of the US stocks. Although this year is a post-tax loss in 2024.

The US stock lost $2. But in order to balance dividend policy considerations, as well as to avoid the expansion of the capital, so the board decided to pass the cash dividend according to the articles of association.

Thank you very much for the Q&A. Thank you very much for sharing the interview with the management team in Taiwan G and the two districts. The Q&A question is now being asked. Please ask the management team about the questions collected in advance during the registration stage.

I am Yu Pei-ki from the management team in Taiwan and Taiwan. Now come to our Q&A. We ask you for advanced questions from legal persons and the media. First of all, we need to answer some questions about the same day's advanced questions during the registration stage.

First of all, a Ms. Sandy from HSBC asked what the industry research team estimates. The success of petrochemical production continued until 2028 to decompose. One of the measures adopted by HSBC is the transformation of tea products across the country. Is it possible to explain more about this and the current results? I would like to ask you.

I have so many seconds. In fact, we are just in the situation of the two districts. There are also two districts in the situation can actually see some developed problems. The application of the two districts products. You can see its longer application. The proportion of applications, including the industry, decreased from 3% to about 30%.

About 3% of this amount is in fact in addition to what we do. But it's about blinding. The main difference is that we're going to produce this tea-based product. It's used for example, higher blood sugar.

It's just like our sneakers. The sneakers can also be used for two thousand pieces. Precious we can also use one thousand eight thousand pieces. Some of the waists are particularly high in this sneakers. It can produce a relatively high output. So we've been using them for the past two years.

We're also actively screening these products. That's another in some special use of esports cables. Esports cables are also a big area. There are some different esports cables. But there are some simple things we're talking about, for example, in high-speed rail or airport.

It will require some special parts. It will use some relatively high raw materials. That is also the direction we have been working on in the past. Then it will also become part. But we add these new products. Those new products we don't have.

A separate list of stations for everyone. But dispersed it. In the application of the release line. So mainly here.

The first two and a half of them lowered their positions. Then they went into the five-week stream. That was in addition to the synchronisation period caused by the large carbon. Growth of EBA. Including the growth of EBA.

But there are some development. Special purpose EBA. Including this part of the military at the moment. The sales of these products are, of course, very high. Mainly the sales of the military here are more. That is above.

Ms. Lu, who then had the first product to pack the money. There was also Lee also a holding ball company. When asked about the company's plan for Gulei petrochemicals, there is a future plan for holding the goods.

About Gelei Petrochemical Company. I think the overall environment of this petrochemical industry. Last year was full of challenges. This year can not be ignored too much. This level of challenge. About Gelei Petrochemical itself.

I would like to start from two aspects. One is a drop. This is called cost reduction. One is called efficiency. Increase utility. The drop is mainly in its bottom cracking furnace.

Part. The main use of this raw material is hydrogen oil. Guree Petrochemical Company will open up. More sources of hydrogen oil supply. Hope to get more cost.

A competitive source of hydrogen oil. In addition to that, the P.C. bowl is also made of Western fusion furnace. Feeding options.

Moderator: So, when feeding with a C-dip and a Dip as a break furnace can produce better benefits than hydrogen oil, Gulei Petrochemical Company will implement this option. So, in general, Gulei Petrochemical Company is also considering other break furnace feed options in addition to the hydrogen oil dip. In short, hope to find ways to reduce cost and increase efficiency from the break furnace feed, which is one of them. The second is that Gulei Petrochemical Company's products will also do some product portfolio optimization. From the market perspective, in which specific markets, which applications can produce better benefits through sales channels, and Gulei Petrochemical Company will make efforts in this regard.

In addition, Ms. Chen, who was asked about the impact of this year's carbon tariffs on the company, this part of our site reference has announced the carbon tariffs related regulations, and the expected increase in the cost of carbon tariffs will not be too much. The above are some of the questions at the registration stage, not only on-site or on-site, but also on-site, other questions at the site I still have a good thank you.

The price of this soft amount EU is about 26% to 18% between 1300 to 1300, which is a bit strange if it is a pure general application. But because our products on the market have a slightly higher trend, then our competition is a little higher, there are some special products that are not general machine. For example, the price of the weapons in the play may now be between 1300 to 1400, so if it is at such a price, it may be very good.

The next wave of new products in the current general situation may be to maintain the price in June and may be to implement this product around the second half of September as well. So we would also like to say that they also have other observations on the speed of the new product to go bankrupt and the photo-recovery product because after all, the network department of the watch unit of EVA's entire Hallel FollowMagnum has a very big impact on the price of EVA. We will definitely see this EVA packaging container based on the news.

However, if you are concerned about encouraging the issuance of the part, then you can tell a little bit more than the New Year's issuance than the good day of last year's flat slope is probably not easy enough for investors to know. Here is a review that when our company encourages this consideration is based on the company's operating conditions and then it is in accordance with the company's articles of association to determine the amount of money that can be issued. In the past year, the company's tax per share or loss of 0.1 $19 past year's cash incentive is mainly because the last year's BA product is also a product of the previous year was also about 1 billion.

This is because it also includes the impact of investment losses on the appointment of investment companies, so the decision includes cash incentives is 0.2 yuan, according to the current articles of association, it is necessary to wait until the shareholders' meeting's resolution, then it will be like this thank you. That said, 112 years on this side, there is still an example of $0.25, then it was a loss of $0.15, and January 1.26, then we decided to issue $0.25 of the cash incentives, and in general, that is to wait for shareholders to confirm the goods to go.

In April, there will be four hot spring parking lines, about a week, about a week is a useful parking, the public parking time of the military is a useful parking, which is not, because it did not seem to affect us all before, but you also think that this effect is very high, good, so because of the timing of the arrangements, this time to this place is a paragraph, thank you again to Asia Aggregated Chemicals Co., Ltd. and the Taiwan Aggregation Chemicals Co., Ltd. management team for today's sharing and answer, that this time will end, thank you for your advance and advice, and wish you all the good health investment, thank you all.