<think> Well, the user gave me a task to help sort the transcription into paragraph-based transcription. First of all, I have to take a closer look at the specific requirements of the user. The user emphasizes that nothing can be deleted, rewritten or condensed, can only adjust the punctuation and line change, merge sentences of the same subject, add some connection punctuation if necessary, but can not add the actual content.

First, I need to identify the marker of the speaker, such as "host:" or "Mr. Huang", but the text doesn't appear to have an explicit speaker label, so this part may not need to be handled. Then, I will analyze it in a way that the content of the same subject can be merged into a paragraph. For example, the beginning part is welcome and introduced, and this part can be merged into a paragraph. Then the company's introduction, the establishment of time, capital, turnover, this information can be formed into the second paragraph. Then the product introduction, the application and use of ABS, SAR, HIPS, EPS, glass cotton can be divided into several paragraphs, may be one paragraph, or by application category.

The following is an overview of Q1's operations in 2025, the challenge, including U.S. tariffs and excess capacity in China, which can be divided into several paragraphs, detailing each challenge. Then the specific sales performance, ABS, GPS, EPS, glass wool sales, these can be divided into several paragraphs, each product section, which explains the growth situation and the reasons. Finally, the development of non-China markets, especially India, Southeast Asia, etc., this section can be divided separately.

At the same time, adjust the punctuation point, fill the final punctuation point, use the full-form punctuation point. Also be careful not to miss any words, keep the original punctuation order. Now, I start to process the sentence by sentence, merge the sentence with the subject, adjust the punctuation point, and fill the sentence. For example, the welcome part at the beginning, merge into a paragraph, adjust the punctuation point to make it smooth.

The distribution section of the factory in Taiwan and China details the location and production of each plant. The dividend distribution situation is a separate section, which explains the cash dividend and stock stock situation. In 2025, Q1's operational overview, the reason for the challenge, including the excess U.S. tariffs and China capacity, is divided into several sections, detailing the impact of each challenge. The sales performance section, ABS, GPS, EPS, glass wool sales growth and reasons, is divided into several sections, which illustrate the situation of each product. Finally, the operational strategy section describes the development of non-China market, especially India, Southeast Asia, and so on.

At the same time, keep the Chinese all-in-one punctuation point, fill the punctuation point at the end of the sentence, avoid twisting the line, only separated by empty line. When finished, read it again to ensure smooth and natural, meet the requirements of the user, no deletion or alteration of content, only adjust the punctuation point and combine the sentence of the same topic, form a readable paragraph-by-word punctuation. </think> OK, I will sort the punctuation script as per your request, make sure not to delete anything, only adjust the punctuation point and line.

First, I would like to introduce you to today's Presidents, including General Manager of Delta Chemical Industry Co., Ltd. Wu Pei-ki, Spokesperson Mr. Huang Chun-hao, and Accounting Manager of Lee Shun-yao. We welcome Mr. Huang as our business briefing. Delta Chemical was founded in 1960 with a capital of approximately NT$4 billion. The combined turnover is approximately NT$186 billion. The main products include ABS, SAR, HIPS, EPS, and glass wool.

Our factory is mainly located in Taiwan and mainland China. Taiwan's factories include manure plant, front oscillator plant and zero yuan plant, where the manure plant mainly produces glass wool, the former oscillator plant was established in 1960, mainly produces EPS, script ethylene, GPS and HIPS.

In March, the US tariffs hit us significantly, and the mainland market was severely overcrowded, resulting in excessive capacity and competition, affecting the global market. In terms of product sales, ABS grew by 17% year-on-year, with major markets being South Asia, especially India, Pakistan and Bangladesh. GPS grew by about 4%, thanks to the influence of the mainland market over the years, but the price remained ahead.

In recent years, our business strategy has been to develop non-continental markets, mainly in India, Southeast Asia and South Asia. The proportion of GPS in non-continental markets has reached 94% and is mainly used for disposable tableware. ABS is mainly used for household appliances, daily necessities and toys. --- The following paragraph type transcripts are compiled and adjusted strictly according to your requirements, and nothing has been deleted, only the sentences of the same topic have been merged and changed.

The yellow line is the price of Benethylene. It stacks up a bit. The whole spread will be a little larger. Detailedly, the ABS spreads, in the first quarter of this year, are about 300 spreads from the average of last year, and we now have about 384 spreads in the first quarter.

That's the GPS from 141, and now it's about 155 in the first quarter. The whole picture looks like the whole situation is a bit better than the rest of the spread. The EPS spread has just been particularly reported that the spread will be worse than last year. Mainly because of the global dumping, low-cost dumping, which leads to our overall reduction of the spread.

The first quarter of 2014 was a negative 0.26. The relative watch is now better than the same period last year. Mainly because the spread has not yet been put into a relatively large spread has caused a bit of a bit of a bit, but it is still full of challenges. We look at the outlook for the second quarter.

The most important influence is that China's capacity overflows. Geopolitics is due to more recent occurrences. The closest war in Inba is the northern part of India. So it seems to have an impact, but in fact, the market influence on India is not very much.

This is a very important challenge for us in the second quarter. The US tariffs are actually delayed in April, which is a negative cost for Taiwan. Taiwan has extended 90 days to open 90 days. There will be another fluctuating tariff after 90 days. The mainland is also open 90 days in May.

Of course, the Fed's interest rate looks like we also think that interest rate decisions will have an impact. But in the short term, the United States should not be the possibility of a rate cut. This is something we still need to keep an eye on. As a whole, our sales strategy has always been the best way to maximize our productivity.

In the second quarter, we were affected by the mainland claim. The EPS may be slightly behind. The original intention was to make the whole production, but also about 90% of the production capacity.

Another is the development of new markets. Mainly this is a strategy that we can survive for a long time. In fact, we have just mentioned that the supply and demand of China in 2025, the supply and demand of ABS increased by about 220 tonnes.

GPS has an estimated seven million tons. EPS has about 10 million tons. This is what it looks like to know that China's capacity is going to be extremely heavy, especially when China's economy is bad. This is a problem that we now need to solve. The only thing we can do is to minimize the global sales as much as possible with mainland China if there are too many mainland China.

Now we are more than just a non-mainland market, we want to spread the spread of the spread of the spread. This is one of the opening rates of China in that year. In fact, his ABS has never been so low, and the EPS is even worse. Just speaking of EPS, his demand is almost half the supply. So the whole of China's red line of EPS is actually about 50% open.

ABS is probably part of the gray part of the ABS, about 67 percent. In fact, it will be more difficult for him to open his capacity but it will cause a lot of competition in the markets outside of China. We hope that the second part of Q is actually the same as the previous decision, although we are only able to deal with these issues.

This is the first part of the financial report. We are talking about the volume of the consolidated profit and loss statement, and our first quarter is $980,000, which grew by 4%. That portion of our revenue was $42.3 billion, an increase of $44.1 billion compared to the same period last year. The main reason is because the price and sea freight are growing, so the increase is more.

So our gross profit margin increased from 1% to 5%. That part of the operating fee was $2.74 billion, an increase of 53 million compared to the same period last year. Mainly because of the significant growth in sea freight costs, the increase in related costs. The operating loss during that period was $65 million, which decreased by $12.4 billion compared to the same period last year.

The net loss for that period was 54 million, a decrease of 48 million compared to the same period last year. Then our first quarter loss was 0.14 yuan. Then we explained the income of other products, and the Delta part was mainly EPS. Then EPS Sun Yat-sen was 12.6 billion yuan, accounting for 30%. Then EPS Taiwan was 6.100 million yuan, accounting for 14%. Then the EPS part accounted for 44% of the total revenue.

The part of the ABS is 1.2 billion yuan, accounting for 30%. The part of the GPS is 92 billion yuan, accounting for 22%. The part of the glass wool is 1.5 billion yuan, accounting for 4%. The part of the financial ratio, we are losing money at this time, so our operating loss rate is 1.5%. The net loss rate is 1.3%.

So the flow ratio that leads to us is also slightly better than last year's end. Then again, our delivery days are 52 days, slightly more than last year's 42 days. This is mainly because of the Chinese New Year, so there are some delays in collection. Then the company also took corresponding measures, and it is expected that the future will reply to normal soon. Then again, the average delivery days are 26 days, and there are more than 23 days at the end of last year.

This is our Q&A time. Okay, thanks for sharing the briefings brought by the Tainan Management Team. It is now a Q&A question exchange. Then the management team would like to reply to the questions collected in advance during the registration stage. Well, I am the general manager of Tainan Chemical Wu Peiqi. Now come to our Q&A session.

The first question we have is what we have to say about the future. We have just met at the meeting and we have to say that we are facing the impact of tariff rates and China's capacity overflow in the second or third phase. We have just reported that we are actually in the market outside of China, and we are more than a bit more price difference in these products than we have been in the past.

Another challenge is that there are two quantities of prices, so we see EPS in several products or relatively hard, so the price difference is contracted. The other is probably a relatively good portion of the outlook is actually more challenging. The other part is that the tariff problem is actually relatively small now because the tariff is still open in mainland China and there are three months that Taiwan has now observed three months from April, and if the US continues to open, it will not have much effect on us.

The problem with that exchange rate is that it actually had some impact on the exchange rate from Delta in April. At present, Delta's operating team has made some adjustments to the safe part.

Our finance department also has plans to minimize the impact of the exchange rate to be able to deal with it as much as possible at the moment. The general question is whether or not there are other online problems. Please let the investor say yes, that can be said, the advanced online can use the chat room function to ask questions in the text, then I will repeat your questions, and I will ask the advanced questions on the scene. Well, the media and the legal person have no problem with the advanced questions will come to the end of today's speech, thank you again, thank you for the sharing and answering of the Delta Chemical Industry team today.