Now it's time to get together at 2 p.m. This session will be officially started. Dear online industry advanced media friends, good afternoon. I'm Chen Yi-hsin, the PR and spokesperson of the Union City, and I'm the presenter of the day. Welcome to care about the Union City.

We are pleased to inform you that we will continue to provide you with the most up-to-date information on our products and services. We are pleased to inform you that we will continue to provide you with the most up-to-date information on our products and services. We will continue to provide you with the most up-to-date information on our products and services, and will continue to provide you with the most up-to-date information on our products and services.

We have eight production and sales and logistics bases in Mainland China (Mainland China), and Thailand Vietnam (Thailand), which can quickly respond to a change in market demand. The combined turnover last year was $7.3 billion, and the first quarter of this year's sales turnover was $146 billion. Our products in the chemical industry are in three areas, namely plastics, steel, PVC, specialty chemicals, which can supply different industries such as construction, automotive, consumer electronics, toys, food packaging and medical.

We have three R&D centers that continue to invest in innovative, high value-added and low-carbon sustainable products. At present, the production capacity of our products has reached 495 million tons, of which is 3.5 million tons of plastics, 74 million tons of powder. In 2020, the total sales volume of our products reached 199 million tons. Mainland China is the main market, but Southeast Asia, India, the Middle East, Africa, and Japan has continued to grow. Last year, the global market share of our plastics products was 13.9%, the market share of 22.1%, the global market share of that powdered products was 12.4%, and the market share of 20.1%.

In addition, from 2023 to 2025, we invested $47 million into the implementation of smart logistics platforms, including bar monitoring, license plate recognition, smart loading and unloading, and smart lock control. To create real-time shipment monitoring, efficient supply chain and real-time delivery of customers. In the face of economic conditions, the US President Trump began to implement a joint trade program in the world trade countries after January, resulting in high levels of uncertainty in the global trade environment.

As for the impact of U.S. tariff policies on the sale of products in Liancheng, the number of direct exports to the U.S. is only 0.2% of the total sales, so the direct impact of tariffs is limited. We use Taiwan and Malaysia factories as a platform to export the U.S. to avoid the impact of trade barriers, but China's PVC products, including gloves, flooring, relatively high proportion of U.S. exports, so there is a little pressure on downstream customers.

The demand for chemical products is basically based on demand, and the U.S. Department of Personnel forecasts that the average price of Brent will fall to US$66 per barrel this year, and it will fall to US$59 next year. However, the decline in oil prices will help improve the spread of chemical products. In the market section of PPC, last year's global PPC forecast was to improve the spread of chemical products, with PPC demand of about 4,8 million tonnes, which accounted for 44% of the global market.

In the China PPC market, the demand is flat, the current industry is at about 77%, even the city's one-piece mining adopts the most appropriate production and sales strategy, in the downstream market, although the demand for cables and building materials is relatively weak, but the performance of stationery, toys and medical PVC performance is relatively good. In addition to the mainland market, we also focus on expanding these emerging markets in Africa, South Asia, and the Middle East. In the plastic machine market, last year's global demand was about 10 million tons, and the demand for China was about 5,52 million tons, accounting for 52% of the world.

With the opening of new capacity, the price of DOP has dropped significantly, and the price of DOP is generally fluctuating, but the oil price is already in a low profile, so we expect the future DOP price to fall again is limited. Next, this is the market's top three plastic machine DOP, DNP, and DOTP price trend chart, we can see that since March, the supply of equipment maintenance of DOP and raw materials has been relatively tight.

The price of DNP is rising. The spreads with DOP and DOTP are significantly expanded. However, the company is affiliated. We have long-term supply plans with major international suppliers of DNP raw materials, so we can ensure the long-term stability of the raw materials.

Reduce the risk of volatility in supply. And it is cost-effective. Liancheng is also the largest DNP supplier in mainland China. Last year's local DNP sales reached 310,000 tonnes. The market share was around 77%.

In addition, in international policy, the restrictions on DOP usage continue. The market transitions to these highly coveted products towards DNP. So we expect the market to continue to expand. Despite the market downturn.

We actively introduce lubricant additives. Toy stationery. New energy vehicles and clothing and other applications. We also expand our business in the Middle East and Africa, and the Indian Central Asian market.

The demand for raw materials will also increase. In this market, the oil price has continued to fall. The price difference between 02 and Benghazi has been improved. India is Benghazi's largest import market.

In addition to the tariff trade campaign, the global chemical industry is facing over-production. It operates low-carbon political risks. Environmental regulations and other challenges. Synopsys has developed seven core transformation strategies.

This includes speeding up the R&D and layout of high-quality and environmentally friendly products. Take advantage of trend market advantages and multiple channels. To drive smart marketing and accurate customer management. Increase market penetration. And increase the quality of the market. We keep up with the strategic alliance to establish a green supply chain.

At the same time, the introduction of AI intelligent manufacturing and public safety quality monitoring. And deepen the cooperation of global suppliers. To ensure a stable and competitive supply of raw materials. At the same time, we promote digital transformation. Upgrade ERP system. Build a smart marketing platform.

Power BI decision-making dashboard. Stay on top of manufacturing sales logistics and financial data. Improve decision-making outcomes. Drive organizational optimisation and talent cultivation. Form a comprehensive reinforcement system from operation to supply chain. Improve enterprise resilience and market competitiveness.

In the high-quality product section, we continue to promote industry-academia cooperation. Developing high-performance eco-friendly products. And cutting into new applications. Like polyester plasticizers in polymers. We have doubled our sales in the last year. But after March this year.

The price of TMA and TOTM begins to fall sharply. Therefore, the niche of replacing TOTM with polymers is reduced. But even the city introduces polymer plasticizers to high-end applications in vehicles. We work with Japanese manufacturers. The development of automotive PVC materials into polymers.

In addition, we also cooperate with the Japanese industry. The introduction of high-performance antistatic plasticizers. It is expected to cut into medical, electronic, industrial molds and other high-end applications. It is expected to cut into medical, electronic, industrial molds and other high-end applications. It is expected to cut into medical, electronic, industrial molds and other high-end applications.

It is expected that these PVC high-end applications, such as medical, electronics, industrial molds, etc., as well as the application areas of PPU and NBR. In order to meet the global circular economy trend, we are currently implementing a research and development project of the Ministry of Economic Affairs. Cooperate with 5 campus customers in Taiwan.

With the technology of chemical decomposition. To develop low-carbon, high heat-resistance, low-interference green and environmentally friendly plastic products. The strategy of overseas layout is based on eight production and sales bases. To form a regional supply chain network. Malaysia and Taiwan plants will serve as the core platform for exports by mainland China.

In addition, Malaysian factories use RCEP trade offers to deepen the Southeast Asian market. And expand the Middle East African market in India. Sichuan factories in China can expand the Central Asia market with the Central European Railways. Panchen factories face the rapid delivery of Japanese and Korean ports. In terms of intelligent manufacturing, we implement AI to achieve intelligent alignment and automated quality monitoring to improve production efficiency.

To strengthen process safety management and identify the best operating conditions of the process using AI. Effectively reduce process energy consumption. In order to ensure the safety of the factory, Union participated in the government's Asia Bay 2. 0 Intelligent Public Security program. It became the first demonstration park in Taiwan for smart public security.

Warnings are issued immediately to ensure zero accidents. To improve safety and prevent management. In the Sustainability section, we continue to drive energy efficiency improvements and process optimization. Implementing renewable energy sources, steam efficient use, waste heat recovery and carbon emissions management.

The success is the continuous layout of green products and services. Expand the careful market and high-end applications, deepen the strategic alliance and strategic cooperation. Optimize the supply chain, while promoting digital transformation, the introduction of BI AI. To improve the precision of decision-making and operational efficiency, strengthen the competitiveness of the company.

Well, now I'm going to report the whole number of business performance. Then let's first look at the revenue we've consolidated. You can see this, which has been reported for the past five years. In addition to 2021, it's the whole price increase.

Our revenue is almost flat compared to last year. That first quarter, our sales were $14.6 billion, so let's take a look at it. That's 79% of the total turnover. PVC 12%, that's 7% of our products. So we've seen sales in the last two years, in fact, we've reached 1.9 million tonnes in the last two years and 2024. So 2024 has increased by nearly 2% compared to 2023.

So our first quarter is 43 million tonnes. So its entire volume of sales accounted for a major or 72% of the season. There are 18% of PVC, and 9% of the dry. Next, let's report our profit.

The first quarter of that year has really improved a lot. Although last year did not turn into a profit, our losses in the first quarter have decreased relatively. We lost about 2.6 billion, so EPS is negative 2 molars. Well, then we're going to report it.

That's about 46% of the net debt. That's the main part of it, and we're pretty healthy with the whole structure. The main reason is because the financial assets are adjusted to this evaluation. So let's list the rising debt ratio up by 1%.

The main reason is because we have a company of 6 billion people at the time. It is a year of liquidity, and that part of it has caused us to decline relative to the current ratio. So the current ratio for the past two years is 2.25%, and the current ratio is 113%.

So over the last five years. We are probably more of the capital expenditure than we are in 2021 to 2023. Then our expansion is also a paragraph higher. In 2024 we have slowly ended our expansion. A process of rapid expansion. Then in 2025 we estimate that our capital expenditure is likely to be high.

So we are relatively low. It is estimated that about 8 billion. If we are in the low season, we are the capital expenditure of 200 million. Thank you, Mr. Wu.

The company briefing has been completed. Again, I would like to remind you not to add your questions. Enter the Q&A function area. Then, the company manager will explain. Next, we will enter the Q&A session. I will send you an answer.

Please ask the supervisor to reply to the instructions. While waiting for everyone to enter the question. We have also compiled some of the questions provided in advance by legal media and friends before the meeting.

The first problem is that the current outlook and operational strategy are already in place. Then we will always ask you to explain it to us.

This is the part of the current environment. In fact, this year's situation is relatively flat compared to last year's demand in the first quarter. But, of course, the geopolitical instability after April has been constant.

And then there was this short-lived buying trend when the 90-day exemption was announced. I wanted to take advantage of this 90-day fast. This is what we see now within the scope of mainland China with our levers. We are not optimistic about the outlook for the future. But in this case, there is a better place for even the city, that this part of our supply equipment is also increased by a lot of our upstream capacity.

So the price difference of raw materials that led to our products has been narrowed down, which was a huge benefit this year. So in the face of it, basically, our strategy for this year is to stabilize. Stabilization is to include that in our inventory, we have strict control of what we call the ideal range is not high because of the fluctuation of this price, leading to the occurrence of overlapping losses. This is a great pain last year. So in the whole company, there is a system to use this sales volume and sales ratio to strictly look at it every day for the next eight weeks as the final control of this raw material.

Because our past raw materials are predominantly lower than our previous year's raw materials. The main reason is to have flexibility to make our purchase on the one hand is not too much. This is in stock. In fact, we have a detailed report in the briefing. We are in the future development with this market we are with the partners we want to develop a new market. Of course, we all know that India is now one of the most chasers of all time.

But the market is not yet very high, but the price is very low. So we are changing our direction to India and still going. But in Central Asia this place is where we take advantage of the geographical advantage of our South Bank area that we may be actively exploring there.

On the other hand, we also have Japan because there are some factories in Japan who also closed the factory and then the DMP production was reduced as well as the volume of the pick-up season. So we also made use of this empty space to enter the Japanese market. So we also increased the volume of this sales in Japan. So in a high-quality part we are now using customized products and now we are selling our R&D staff to see our customers and our business to see what we need to offer better advice at the time of research and development is how our operators differentiated our sales materials.

Then we also report on the use of this terminal we will not only in the PPC we want to develop not only in the PPC we need to find a lot of AI equipment now, we need some paper products we want to expand here. Then in terms of management, we have also reported that in addition to the current year we have to face the harsh environment to survive our internal management we have also invested a lot of digital funds we want to use the intelligent aspects of our own factory or other aspects of sales management can be greatly improved. This is our company's response to the current market situation and future operations.

Then came Hao Chen. Hao Chen asked three questions. The one I asked before I finished the question. I asked B again to answer. The first question is how to see what the situation has improved this year. The second question is whether or not it is affected by the pre-tax trade war.

The third question is whether the company's future development expectation will move upwards. The above three questions should be answered together. Thank you. I think the question should be answered just yet. That is, we are not optimistic about this year's outlook.

We may have to wait until the issue of import tariffs across the U.S. trade will determine how the entire demand will be. But we have now observed that this step has stopped for a while since the U.S. tariffs have already made the transition to Southeast Asia for investment. This is a good direction for us.

The first question I saw was about how much gross profit each product, such as Q1PVC plasticated acid steel, 2025. The one we asked us to always get back to you. The number I wanted was not clear. But I wanted to report to you about the gross profit of these three products.

In fact, PVC because of our supply of our raw materials is next door to this area of China. So we have a price formula of raw materials, so it is relatively stable relative to our gross profit is relatively stable. Then the PA just said that because the whole raw material 02 A and the inversion of the pole is still present, but it has been better than last year because the oil price fell so so that the price of this zero, so the whole price is not too high, but it is better than last year.

The next question is whether the company buys treasury stocks several times in the past when the scenery is down. That the current price is already lower than the average price of buying treasury stocks. Whether the company also implements treasury stocks in the current market trend.

But because we want to encourage our colleagues because we know that it is a bit hard to leave money now, especially in the chemical industry, so we have planned this so-called ESOP to send to our colleagues in the foreground, and we want to save money in two stages, and we hope that we can survive this time so that our good people will stay in good hands when the market is good.

Thank you, Mr. President, for your continued support, and thank you for your continued support. We thank you for your continued support. We thank you for your continued support. Thank you for your continued support.