Today, we are honored to invite the chairman of the five subsidiaries of Shangyao Group to come up from the north of Tainan to make a new update on our company's operation dynamics, and now how to deal with a trend in this industry market, how to do some future business development and planning. We will first introduce the general manager and the chairman of the group, and then we will do a report to our chairman and general manager. We will first invite the chairman of Shangyao Group, Mr. Zhang Yumingchang.

That's where we started, and that's when we acquired a merger. That's when we acquired the integration of our upstream and downstream. That's when we made some cross-industry mergers and acquisitions, which became our second growth curve. That's where we've also built innovation and a brand. That's where we continue to expand our market and niche. Today's is a medium-term opportunity to share one of our business results.

That's a disclaimer, so please take a look first. Then let's take a look at some of the companies that have helped us to make a very efficient division of the group and the results of our operations. That's our current blueprint for the company. We are people-oriented, expanding the operation and market landscape of our group by means of mergers and acquisitions and partnerships. There are a number of unlisted companies in our company.

Those five are listed companies. We currently have the latest figures of the total market capitalization of the five groups combined with 426 million. The total assets of our current group reached a scale of 1.72 billion. That we have a considerable growth in the past decade so far.

The main company I have listed. That relatively small company we don't have a list. Shangyao is the parent company at the top of the list, and the one he invests directly creates Yongjie innovation and a century-old reputation. This is a direct investment.

Nixon Chemical acquired a large-scale application material last year. The century is now well-known as the main subsidiary of Hanyu Technology and Yunkang Century. The two subsidiaries are therefore said to have more chemical and biotechnology across the construction industry.

This is the information we have about these companies as well as the general manager and an analysis of the market. Please make a reference. This is the analysis of a year-round revenue of one of the five companies in our group, and the EPS and profit situation. Please refer to this because it is public information.

It is the same as a disclaimer application. What kind of construction company is it? We are from Tainan, and we are a builder on the land of Tainan. It is the business of the brand. Our structuring philosophy is simple light yellow district. The light yellow district is our structuring philosophy.

So you'll find that every building you buy is in the heart of the city. We don't have any suburban land. It's the first one in the city where we are more able to create value. The second I think detoxification is less questionable.

We also have a construction company. It is the essence of focus in the center of the city and the essence of the land we are more willing to acquire. It is also a privilege that we have acquired almost every of the most exquisite land we have acquired by our company.

The main business project is residential and building development. In fact, it is a holding company in addition to the construction industry. Therefore, the revenue of these subsidiaries is merged under the Shang Yao construction. So we can see that the value of this company can no longer be seen from the value of the construction company, but from the perspective of the building company, it is a comprehensive holding group.

The first one to the left is the Hubei Basin. The average price of a new house in Tainan is about 140,000 square feet. But when we put it on, we sell it to 20 million penthouses and sell it to about 20 million. So when we put it on, the price of a new house in Tainan is probably 2 or 3 times the price of the experience market.

So, you can break through the market. The second building is The King, which is the first building we challenge the ultra-high building is 24th floor, and the second building is 29th floor. Then it is Deef Almay and Mayfair.

So after the 29th floor of the first high building, we launched the first high building in Tainan, the 35th floor of the first high building. The first high building in Tainan has now become the second high building. Because we are going to push another 38th floor in May, it is also the first high building in Tainan. Therefore, the first high building in Tainan, the second high building, and the third high building are all created by our company.

We are a big customer in the center of the city and the Old Town Park. The central bank has recently been worried about this problem with TSMC. That for our company is that the rigid needs of the old town are never afraid of being just as good as the location. So real estate we often talk about location location as long as the location is not afraid of not being renewed.

We are currently in a jail. As long as the center of Tainan is almost all cases of our company. The market share is over 80%. It is almost a bit monopoly. So as long as you want to buy a house in the center of Tainan, you can only choose a buyer. As long as we have a house to sell to you, this is probably the concept.

In the future, some of these cases in pre-sale, some of them are already sold, are under construction, and some are ready to be pushed. In the next five years, we can implement these revenues into the performance of the group. Let everyone make a reference to the concept. That is our latest progress.

The current progress of the project, because he was just double-crossing, so the progress of the project could also be smooth. There was a plan in the expected period. We wanted to be able to top it up in the next two years. That was the opportunity to start contributing to a company's revenue. So we have already completed our SRC on the 2nd floor and are currently on the 3rd floor.

This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Using cookies should enable the user to use certain functions, share on social networks and edit messages and advertisements. By clicking on the “OK” button, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. For additional information, please see our privacy policy.

We were lucky to have two of the best of the best. The South Base, which has a total of 3,791 square feet, has a cost of 40 million square feet. Recently, our industry, we also bought a proposal to push next door, but we bought 40 million square feet, and it has already bought a million square feet. So as we are currently in the inventory of the land, you can calculate that we already have billions of potential profits in it.

This site is a reconstruction area of Tainan City, it is a green energy, there is no wire, and then there is no living environment very good, and it every house is forced to install solar panels, so it can be said is a demonstration area of Tainan City. Our so-called south base and the north base, you can see the center has a semi-circular, that is the core, this reconstruction area has more than 100 hectares, but the most important thing is that the middle half of the circle, the first line is blurred, the column has the highest volume, the northern one is the most south of the one, and we are the company to grab.

In fact, in our Tainan area, TSMC has been in Tainan for 20 years, a lot of things have been blowing, Chiayi blowing, Kaohsiung blowing, real estate is rising, we are really it is 20 years, really contributing to our quality of life, as well as the need for manpower. The most important thing is that although it is now expanding, its suppliers are still concentrated in Tainan, there is no outward movement phenomenon. So we continue to continue to look at this revenue, a revenue growth in Tainan.

So it is the largest development, the largest revenue, the largest electricity consumption, and the largest production value of a park. In our entire Taiwan South Road, it is the most representative. It is like a new case that we recently opened in the upper case, which is very warm response, the effect of sales is this one. This is the first time we have been to the upper city of the company, the 15th floor of 98 homes, the pre-sale situation is very good, so this is more than we expected.

We are already in the process of applying, and it is already in the process of making changes. It is also a case of an indicator that we are going to make a more in-depth description of the dust. It can be said that the entire Tainan city center, a very powerful project, and a very prominent spot in the tourism area. The condition analysis should be built in addition to just saying that apart from the construction of this piece, there are other parts of the holdings.

That is our balance sheet. This is our balance sheet. This is our balance sheet. It is also public information and I don't tell you anymore. This is an analysis, a contract liability. A contract liability represents that we sell to a house and then sign a contract with a client.

Over the years, we have seen a steady rise in our footprint contract liability, which also means that the pre-sale status of our premises is very good. So this is only after completion. According to the accounting principles of IFAS, this is a change in our contract liability for each case. The higher the higher the amount of potential pre-sale to be made. The above is the portion of the business to be built.

Then we asked the General Manager of Peng Guang to explain the part of the development. Please take the part of the development. Please take the part of the development. Thank you.

Here is a briefing from my representatives on the first legislative meeting of 2025. For the disclaimer, please refer to the briefing section. The briefing section is divided into four sections. The first part is the briefing section. The briefing information is like a basic briefing above.

FIBEN is currently focusing on one of the more dangerous areas of the city. We look forward to gradually building a leadership position in the more dangerous market through strategic land acquisitions and a development of a project. An overview of the next project is available. I am roughly divided into two projects currently under construction. The first one is a new drilling meteor, which is located in the town of Denghuang District, the town of Tainan City.

At present, the progress of the first floor is smooth, which is a strong part of the cast steel heart. The case has been sold to nearly 93% and has more than 90% of the construction. This is also a case of the cover that our group often said. The second is a large town tree, Chen Shi, who was awarded a construction license last year, is already in the construction work, so it is very fast. The case is also located in a northern city in Tainan city, a light yellow district, the lower 3 floors of the 15 floors, the base of the case has a transparent and transparent base, the base of the case is clear 4 households and the building of the 94 households, respectively.

We have posted to this municipal government, we can only wait until the price of the next industry slowly to catch up, may only appear our price. In addition, we previously said that Zhang Nan Group Zhang Dong said the price of this 141.5 million yuan, the Zhongzheng Road, the Zhongzheng District, the Zhongzheng Road, the Zhongzheng Road, the light yellow yellow, heard that the sale price of the land at that time has been set a new high, the total sales will exceed 7 billion yuan, the current changes in the design, this part of the rain cover, this part of the rain cover, and this part of the rain cover.

The second is the white round, which is located in Rende District, Tainan City, which only appeared this year, which is only a major growth energies, which we want to bring to life a growth energie, which we want to continue to develop in a positive way, which is a major development of the city center. The second part of the analysis of the operation, compared to 112 years, we can see that 113 years of net profit and U.S. surplus can see a significant growth, can refer to it. Finally, I think that the current gang has already grasped the pre-sale project, including the aforementioned new revenues, and so on, etc., that is a sales performance of one of the highest single item that has already created the region, and even the sales rate can also see, which is expected to inject a stronger growth momentum for a future operation, but we want to continue to build a future future future, which will be a new product with the future future of the future of the future of the company.

In 1992, we mainly focused on the development of a cooperative development, and in 2013, we set up an advanced research and development department, and then for some nano stalls in Tainan, and then do some composite materials, and then do some resistance to changes, then some implementation of a product, then we to the automotive and other fields of construction, then we focus on a new material in recent years, because of the advanced development of a material, then we also successfully from the industrial luck to the car library, for this mobile phone, there is a product, there is a shipping of the land-based brand, that we are in environmental materials, especially the introduction of new customers in Europe, and then the development of the defense of a material of bulletproof clothing, we have been developing and shipping part.

I will also introduce Putan with the materials. Because after all, it is a listed OTC company. But it is a very special company. It is a fund provider of some well-known sports brands in the world.

In addition, the fund provider has been supporting Nike, IT, Darling, Vans and other brands for more than 20 years. The company's main numerical provider is Wing Kit. That's just what our Chairman has mentioned about our integration and merger of listing cabinets.

The value of the two billion shape is that it is a 100 million shape. It may be that you can understand the 100 million shape and 200 million shape on the Internet. It has a difference. Because the material is different from its use field, there will be a very different way of producing the PU value. The water-based value is the development of the water-based value when the environmental awareness rises over the years.

Then we will see a growth of a revenue of our water-based values. Then there is a wet-type value. Then the nylon value. Then the surface is treated with a value. Then the next small dose. Then the wet-cured reaction of hot melt adhesive.

Then the part of the TPU is also a production project of the company. Then the company's orange polyols. Orange polyol is a basic raw material for footwear. We are also mainly supplied to a well-known footwear factory in Tainan.

Then there is a compound of polymers. Then there is a compound of polymers. It is a material of HARCO that we have recently shipped. This HARCO material will briefly describe our progress. That is the ratio of this year to this year's shipment.

The idea of sneakers is above the five-tier strategic company. That was 2024 when I saw it. Because I would follow the spell last year for years. We worked hard to make a customer development. Then one of the materials I made last year was already 10% of our company's revenue. And in the latter half of the year, it continued to grow.

It's a trade war where thousands of tariffs are more likely to be interested in. It's a part of a trade war where customers have just received a tariff. And the customer is very much interested in the development of a shipment behind the whole speedway. So last year's word has already accounted for a percentage of our company's revenue. The future is going to be a state of continuous growth.

We are here to calculate it in tons. So it looks very small in terms of its proportion. For the part of durability. But if it is a kilogram of shipping, it can do a lot of cell phone applications. So its gross margin is very high. The HARCO material will talk to you later about the current situation of a new customer.

That's the state of the company's operations. That 170 years of revenue increased more than last year. That was mainly after the outbreak of a single reflow of customers. Then we sold a new product and merged a reflow of subsidiaries. Then we had a reflow of new products.

This is a trend of our gross profit. Please refer to it. It is a development of our products. Then we have a ratio of high and low gross profit to appropriate distribution. So this is a good thing to maintain the gross profit margin. This is a trend of our profit.

That is, in addition to revenue growth. In addition to revenue growth, we also have the gross profit increase of the company. That total investment is just any valuable securities and health product evaluation benefits. That is mainly the incentive to increase the value of the evaluation benefits of these physiological and fertilizing products. That is the combined use of vaccines.

That was in the public consultation exhibition, too. In 117 years ago, we had EPS0. 1, which grew to 0.38 last year. That was part of the balance sheet.

We are also actively involved in a number of public welfare activities. Then we are in charge because the chemical demand for fire is very high. We also dominate the use of fire in Tainan on some equipment. If you have the opportunity to visit our factory in Tainan on the environmental protection, I think the chemical factory should be very tasteful.

Then the chemical factory can be very noisy. When we went to the factory, there was no smell of any flavor. In the process of our company's production process, some of the company's safety regulations were in place. And our company has more than 1700 monitoring and testing of any leaked part of the pipeline we can do immediately.

We are also a top-level company. So we want to focus on common interests. This is a very important foundation for our corporate governance. That is the future development of the company after the pandemic, and we all know that the decline in stock in these major brands is a downward trend.

I'm sure you'll be able to ask these questions. However, the impact of our orders is not visible at the moment. Then there is no reduction in the trend of our customers. So the current order for these contributions is a clear growth. And last year after we merged into the General Assembly, I personally went to our customer's headquarters in Portland to visit it once.

And then they sent 22 people from the U.S. last month to our company to do training and then to our company was very agreeable. And last month we passed a VLC leather certification in the UK and a certification for the fourth consecutive German Congress gold medal. This certification is very special. This certification is required for all brands that use leather in leather.

So we also got a certificate of gold for 8 consecutive years. Then it was very helpful for the company's development in the next 2 years. That's another quality product that our company is very important to launch. That's the rise of environmental awareness.

It is the skin. It is not friendly to the environment. Water quality is also a project that we have developed over the years. Water quality is a part of the growth of the company's shipping volume, and it gradually becomes a major source of our company's transplant projects.

It is a future development of the company. The company plans to use European environmentally friendly water-based materials. It only started to make statements from last year's Q3. It took us about 3 years in the certification process. Then it passed the customer's certification. Last year started delivery.

This year, there are more than 70 new products in development. It is believed that this new product will be very useful for the introduction of a water-based product in the future. It was just mentioned that water-based quality is now a major production project of the company.

In the defense section, I hope that we have been working together with our downstream customers to develop some rebounded fibers. The demand for defense in the future also wants us to contribute to the development of the future of defense. We and Soy company also have a large part of the development of the development of sports shoes, a dedicated single-machine shoes, more and more use of shoes. It is especially important that the use of these well-known brands of products is very special. The development of these metal design series has been difficult to guide the company to develop a new product, because we have joined us to speed up the development of this product and will match the needs of a new product of a customer in the future.

It is also the first time that I report to Falun Gong that they have shipped the brand to our company, and then we have signed a confidentiality agreement with the brand, and now the product is in development. So this product may not be obvious in the company's revenue space, but in the future product use of the company's future product is an indispensable driving force. Traditional industry representatives can not be a product of cash, so from the skin quality of the development, and gradually introduce a new product of the company, we hope that in the future, we also hope that these major brands can introduce more folding series of products to the company's quality of one use, so we hope that these mainstream brands start to make the demand of the introduction of these phones a favorite.

This product is the only one that has the most surface of a mobile phone because it is hard, but it has been launched on the market Samsung has been launched to the fifth generation or even the sixth generation of the product came out so it is up to date that it is a mature product, but this new field with new applications and new specifications are also introduced in the original intention. Our company has been receiving a new specification of the customer every year, a request that explains the quality of the chemical quality of a Samsung, so every time we receive a new specification development, I will use the shortest time to send a sample of the product.

The bulletproof fiber part is actually always in development. When the domestic application is done, it is an action to make a sign. Then the bulletproof fiber part, we focus on the number, because it must be the fiber, our number can aggregate the fiber, that many colors, or multi-layer lamination, becomes a bulletproof garment replacing the steel plate.

In the future, such as a vertical integration of an airport of the company, which is especially in our chemical parts, especially a high-flowing raw material, then we will not only go down the integration, so we are going to start in a horizontal direction. I hope that in the field of chemical industry, in addition to the introduction of the main business of the company, chemical is another territorial volume of the company, but also a very important growth momentum of the company in the future.

The main production base is in Tainan, which has a total land area of 26383, which is also the leading production base in the industry. The main production base is 100% of Taiwan's production of synthetic leather and plastic leather, then the completion base has been reported with you, there are two factories in Taiwan, which are 12989 squares in the market, 13394 squares, and 26383 squares in total. In order to revitalize the company's assets, we have all the production capacity of the school's production equipment to transfer to and follow the school's market.

The main products of our heart are PVC latex, PVC soft software, and then PU synthesis and perspective film, and then you report that you will find strange, why not, so that their processing base is based on PVC as the basis of raw materials. Because of the different process, the functional requirements are different from the chemical, so there will be a distinction.

In addition, PU, its feel is the closest to the dermis, which is also the highest level of environmental friendliness, it is a relatively hydrolyzed product, which can, of course, according to the customer's requirements to do a hydrolyzed age adjustment. Another PU perspective film, then of course, this is the main product of psychological chemistry. It is mainly applied to some linings in the blood and flushing fluid, then will be with you to make a detailed introduction.

The first part of the PU synthesis, you can see that I believe you will hear a cat scratching when you buy a home, then cat scratching is a main product of psychological chemistry. Why it is called scratching, it on the surface pattern, it can pass more than 100,000 molds test, then it can pass more than 50,000 times the need of the inner part, it means that cat scratching is a good way to scratch. Basically, you should say that psychiatry is the original scratching of the cat scratching, this product is actually developed by the psychiatry. When we can see each of you do a imitation or what action, so there will be a variety of cat scratching on the market.

It is mainly used in the lining of the sponge, blood coat. Why it will be applied in this place. Basically, the basic material of the sponge, blood coat is cloth, then it will be wet, then the wet does not have heating function. After the process of this layer, the first it can make the heat not spread out, the second it can make the wind to produce a windproof effect.

Basically, we will be able to control the in-mine precision. Basically, this is a great technique in the industry. What is the concept of in-mine? The diameter of our hair is about 100mm.

This means that my breakthrough accuracy is 100mm. The breakthrough accuracy can be controlled at 100 times the thickness of 1% of the hair to do a single machining.

The PU synthetic leather part is mainly a surface change, and according to customer requirements to do a customized product. In addition, PMMA products are also a product jointly developed with the subject of chemical import in recent years, which is mainly applied in the decoration part. The person said that work to do a good job must first use the equipment, then we integrated the resources of the whole group, the force chemistry in the industry may be the most complete set of quality inspection equipment, please refer to

This is a trend of gross profit, which is a significant increase in revenue compared to the previous year. It is a trend of profit, so you can see that in the first quarter of 113 and the fourth quarter of 113 there is a significant increase, which is a comprehensive profit table, please refer to it. This is the balance sheet, that basically the net value per share from 112 to 113 at the end of the year is 25. 03 net value per share.

This is the first time we will introduce, because the group is also very important to our Prime Minister, we attach great importance to this general merger, that is, because it is not a public company, so I also take the opportunity to visit with you, and then we will think, because we already have a new force, that is why we have to buy another general force, that is why the overall production of the product is actually a big difference with the new force, that it is with the new force, that it is with the new force, that it is with the new force, that it is with the new force, that it is with the new force. The main thing we do is to use the basic part of the use of the cowhide is that there are shoes and leather bags, high five seam embroidery gloves car part of the sofa, although for the human body and SIMI there are some parts of the product overlap is because of the overlapping, so because PU is an international famous brand, a money supplier of PU also because of the relationship between PU added some of the brand we know that we are mainly based in the domestic product of the customer, because we add PU to the introduction of the product of the main, because it helps our group's overall capacity and a production place of some brands that are not PU added to the brand gradually and then go to SIMI to do a serious production of the next few years after these brands will be contributing to the company's larger one.

This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Using cookies should enable the user to use certain functions, share on social networks and edit messages and advertisements. By clicking on the “OK” button, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. For additional information, please see our privacy policy.

Our original management team, along with the idea behind us, I also agree that after three years of working in Taiwan, he will return to his country, after he returns to his country, he will take the company's technology back to his country, the technology will be outflow, and then he may outflow the company's technology, so this company, his technology has its own uniqueness, in order to get a good use of Nike, Akita these brands with his products. That pair of shoes, a pair of shoes has a lot of material, a pair of black shoes, actually looks good, seems like the ordinary things, is that the surface is leather, just leather, a leather, a pair of black shoes, we can do a different use, customer a pair of shoes when placing orders, he hopes that there is a hard, here we need to use a piece, here is a little more, the price, we may use non-woven fabric. So, the development of this PU model can develop new products every year, and this year we will be able to accept until July to accept the company to participate in the exhibition, because we have developed transparent PU mold, shoes we may see in the future, there is a transparent structure on the surface, that is, the development of this product is our group's old, that is, it is a laminated process, and then our company, we really care about environmental protection, the opportunity to visit our company, such as Changhua Yongting to visit our company, you know that it looks like a very old company, but this company also has no taste, in the company in the company of an anti-humidity equipment and environmental protection of a very much surrounded.

If you are looking for shoes that are not suitable for you, you may be looking for shoes that are suitable for you. If you are looking for shoes that are not suitable for you, you may be looking for shoes that are suitable for you. If you are looking for shoes that are not suitable for you, you may be looking for shoes that are suitable for you. If you are looking for shoes that are suitable for you, please contact us.

So what is the best way to do this? It's not a concept. We are currently based in Tainan, but we don't rule out the development to Kaohsiung or Taipei, so we are expanding our business. The chemical industry, we just introduced it, we can now say that we are the largest PU factory in Taiwan, we have a total of four factories in Taiwan, we have a total of 50,000 square feet of industrial force, so these accounts are not reflected, you can understand its potential value.

This is the first time that we are focusing on research and development and manufacturing the MCU platform, the century people can speak of an IC design company in the early stage of the consumer retail industry, so in this area, it should be the largest company in our group revenue, because you know upstream that raw materials it reacts to revenue is limited, although gross profit is not good, but you can really react to the end of the revenue is in the end consumption. As good as this is a basic statement, this is a basic introduction, Century Life Bamboo was founded in 1991 July 29, the current capital is 1.40 million, the main products have health food revenue decoration design and e-commerce restaurant and intelligent robot sales, we will make a statement in order.

This is why we are going to talk about why people from all walks of life want to get into this health food market. Last year, Taiwan entered an aging society, the average age of the average age has been more than 50 years, the concept of health care in all areas of Taiwan, including increasing resistance in the epidemic period, including children's eyes, our current iPad phones, three highs, gastrointestinal and muscle joint problems, we proposed a lot of solutions we launched a galaxy market product, then we also just look at this trend. The global health food market size is 1519 billion dollars, that will grow with a compound rate of 8.9% each year, the growth rate of Taiwan is higher.

First of all, let's take a look at the brand concept of candid is what candid is about for having a bliver a oh thanks to everyone to watch that because we are a luxury house that goes high-quality market so healthy food also goes with our boutique luxury luxury luxury house is also a high-level course that our brand concept is to stick to only one thing to focus on people's health and the pursuit of people's value that is our brand concept. At present, we have launched a wide range of 45 kinds of healthy foods from sleep aid beauty beauty whitening to weight loss and even increase physical strength of these products have been interested you can go to our official website to see today no more about the fact that we are the first company to introduce the food outside secret that eat, it is very safe because it is plant oil probiotic fermentation to get a lot of this secret.

That's because of the external secret. It has a characteristic of repairing cells. In addition, it is considered to be a STD and carrier. So as long as our health food has an external secret, it can quickly help our nutrients transport to the most needed cells. Because it has the function of communication, so it can give our health food a boost.

This is why we are the first to introduce a food supplement to the outside world. So our products also caused a great response. This is our first to introduce a food supplement called Micro Valley Honey Gel. It is a health food that eats bones. Turtle deer, turtle deer 2nd wire adhesive, UC2, outside the body. This product reacts very well since its launch in November last year.

Now it's about a month to sell this product, this surrogacy product, and a month to have more than 20 million revenue. We're going to launch it next month. At present, we've also invited Ms. Tanaka Mizuho, No. 7, to speak for my product.

So his image is fresh. He is like an artist who is also a spokesperson of that too, and then you see other products as well. Many products are his spokesperson. So you don't know who you are talking to. One of our picks is that our brand image is the same.

There is no such thing as a rotten ad. It also pays more attention to the quality and image of the product itself. So this product is also very good. It can also bring a considerable revenue. So you can look at these two products, and you can create a considerable contribution in a month.

There's also a telemarketing program. The results of these blocks are very good. That's why every time we invest in one channel, we help the health food sales performance and scale a stack up. So you can also find out why the recent sales have gone up.

We recently had a big project in June. That's why we set up one of the largest live streaming platforms in Taiwan. There are now more than a dozen live streaming groups in Taiwan. So we will expand our production. In addition to our own live streaming groups, we will also invite other live streaming groups to join our live streaming platforms.

So after the launch of our sales platform program in June, I believe that his performance will have another jump-starting growth. Please look forward to it. We are also the first to introduce AI intelligent dietitian. What is AI big health? It is healthy food not only eat, but it must have a feedback action.

So we launched a cloud ring. This cloud ring is on hand. It detects a feature of your body at any time. Then accumulated data through the app, you can see that this cloud ring is on hand. You can see that you slept well today.

Let's take a look at the simple parks in the smart world. From health food, daily necessities, anti-aging, skin care, energy materials, functional clothing to the integration of smart vehicles, smart rings, live streaming and e-commerce for our entire sales.

This smart ring is an AI smart health test. So there are a lot of chips on it. It can detect your blood vessels, blood flow, and many signs. It can check what is in total. It can bring health and care. First, it can detect your heart rate at any time.

You can measure it once an hour or every five minutes. With your own settings, you can also measure it every five minutes. Then, including your blood oxygen concentration.

You will have a good night's sleep, and you will have a good night's sleep, and you will have a good night's sleep, and you will have a good night's sleep.

In addition, calorie is a statistical measure. So we wear rings around the clock, it can do heart rate detection. There is also a heart rate variation test. Blood oxygen saturation stress detection.

You can send your mom and dad a ring. Then install the app in your hand. Then you can always know your mom and dad's physical condition.

It is always easy to worry about whether or not he sleeps or does not go to exercise to understand why the finger data is more accurate than the watch. We know that a lot of brands have a watch and a lot of the ring's function is tied to our watch, we don't need a watch ring to connect with this phone directly, and this is also a deep waterproof so don't be afraid to wash your hands will affect its function. We can watch one of our own heart rate and blood oxygen numbers all day. We can observe one of our own heart rate and blood oxygen numbers all day. So you can see your own heart rate and blood oxygen numbers through the APP every day, so you can see your own sleep quality is not good because there is no pressure on the ring to wear and then we can use this ring once a month. This is the latest battery can not use 24 hours a month to check your physical condition again, stress detection will help you do a pressure management and this woman. She will predict your body period of AI intelligent software development. We are now a member of this group of consumers, and we will sell this kind of ring directly on our e-commerce website, so it is a conclusion that the multi-ethnic business strategy is people-oriented, based on the AI as the starting point, including intelligent drone health management AI marketing and intelligent healthcare AI nutritionist and digital finance AI to start out as a more innovative marketing way to reach a goal of our retail sales with our prospective customers to do a link is that we are currently actively developing the three major areas of the century is biotechnology and intelligent robots and digital finance. 9 kilograms of weight can be more than 10 kilograms of their flight time is basically based on the industry standard is more than 30 minutes, so basically, our products in Taiwan or the world competitiveness is basically there is a certain base of these modules are mainly used on the drones, some of the more important electronic components, including the flight control computer, including the GPS module, including the split disk electronic transmission, including the electronic module, etc. These modules are basically now we are our own market people to develop and design their own electronic transmissions, and then to manufacture the actual and actual parts of the drones, which we can focus on our products in addition to loading, of course, some of its performance may follow up is that we see in this market standard, let us see that we are going to a cruise at a overseas meteorological station, it is about 8 to 10 km, the flight time to complete the entire inspection process within 20 minutes, we can see this picture, it is a picture, together with our platform, and shoot it is a good quality, it, and it, and it, and it can be able to see that the image, and it is to see that the future.