Hello, today you are welcome to join KGI Securities and IR Trust to host the 2025 World New Economic Order Forum. We would like to introduce you to the General Manager of KGI Securities and IR Trust, Mr. Kwong Wah Kin-Chung, and Mr. Yau Sau-Jui Finance Manager.

First of all, I would like to thank KGI IR Trust for the opportunity and venue to explain the company situation. I would like to introduce myself first because I may meet you for the first time. I am an executive spokesperson of Guanghua Holdings this year.

我們今天要講的一個主題,首先可能會跟各位帶到的是我們公司目前的一個境況。 最後的話因為現在市場其實是一個蠻激烈的一個狀態,所以我們也會跟各位帶到一下我們目前觀察到的一些市場的一個狀況還有各位來的預估。 這邊先介紹一下我們公司。 我們公司是在2009年這邊成立,但是這個成立日期其實就是我們的廣華控股這一家我們公司的實際營運的總部是在東莞,這邊是一個叫廣華控股的公司,東莞廣澤的那實際成立的日期其實已經25年了,那首先起家都是在大陸東莞這邊,就是起家做汽車的內事件,那在經歷了就是2000年代的一個發展之後呢,我們在2010年代就是在台灣成功的上市,那也首先迎來了第一次的一個據點的擴展,這邊有我們的華南地區也就是廣東地區向華中地區擴展,那擴展的首先可能就是有我們華中的像湖南啊 襄陽 台豐 武漢,這些就是我們第一階段擴展的一些據點,那在第二階段到了我們上市完成之後,第二階段就是2010到20年代,我們也開始向外去做一個擴展,這邊就包含了就是我們北美還有墨西哥的據點,那來到20年代其實我們可以觀察到整個中國的車市還有世界的市場上都有一個比較劇烈翻天覆地的變化嘛,所以我們在20年代這邊其實也迎來了極端的一個轉型期還有第二次的一個據點的衝速還有擴展。 那我們可以看一下我們現在一頁這邊,這邊是我們集團的一個據點的一個分佈,首先中國這邊我們可以看到畫面的比較下邊這邊,就是我們集團的一個總部東光廣澤,那第一階段的擴展這邊就是到華中這邊,有我們襄陽 湖南 武漢 台豐,那再來是到了我們的華東地區,就是我們新成立的蘇州廣興這邊,它主要供貨對應的對象就是我們上汽的集團,目前我們在中國大陸的據點大概是可以比較完整的去供應整個大陸這邊的一個車市的需求還有客戶的一個需求啦,我們的據點都是採用就是配合客戶的一個在地化生產的方式。 好那剛剛也講到了我們在海外的一些據點,也是我們目前佈局的一個重點,那可以看到畫面左邊這邊,我們在美洲這邊的主要一個據點的佈局,就是在北美這邊有一個對應的一個服務客戶的據點,在墨西哥這邊有我們的一個生產區的一個據點,這是我們在美洲的一個佈局,那這也是我們第一階段的海外佈局,到了第二階段呢,我們這邊開始在台灣韓國還有日本這邊都相繼成立據點,台灣和韓國這邊是會有設置生產工廠,日本這邊也是一個就近服務客戶的據點,這是我們目前海外的一個佈局狀況,那當然這個佈局狀況其實也是為了因應就是現在可能全球的一些關稅的壁壘,那我們有這個比較多元的海外據點,也可以更多的去供應整個的一個佈局狀況,更多元的去配合客戶的一個生產據點調配的需求,去因應關稅可能帶來的一些不確定變化或是敵人政治上的一些風險。

This is the first time to introduce a core technology of our company, we have been focusing on a surface frame type of car accessories for more than 20 years. This surface frame type is actually by the evolution of the era of water to do some progress, from the left side of the screen may be some of the existing surface treatment, such as water-moving surface treatment or spray paint, to possible because of the environmental protection or cost of some of the added benefits, there may be a transfer process like EPF this film, and then to the right side of the screen may be now in the car market is more popular, is that the car face may be illuminated atmosphere light, this part of the development of this technology, we continue to progress.

In addition to the new generation of technology, we are constantly learning about the process of color texture addition, so we have been constantly improving the process of color texture addition. Through years of industry experience, we can effectively integrate our upstream supply chain is a resource, which can also cooperate with these supply chain resources to provide our customers with a more efficient integration of a solution, the most important thing is that in this process of development, we have developed our own company's own independent design ability for the product, and then here we mean that we originally made an OEM is a second-level OEM of the factory's foundry role, then we can start to discuss with the manufacturer directly to participate in the design of the product.

The first thing we see is a loss performance of the company for nearly five years. We can see that 23 to 24 years is a loss state. Although 24 years of loss has been converged, in fact, we frankly say that these two years are the worst since the company was founded. It is worth noting that in this worst case, we still have a point to observe.

This is due to the constant investment costs we have mentioned above in our core technology. There are other efforts to keep our products still competitive. Especially in the middle of China and now the market competition is so fierce. That's what we just said is the end result or the loss. The reason for that loss is also obvious because our revenue and the part of the processing force is insufficient.

It is not good to have a joint venture brand in mainland China in recent years. That is, because we have a market share of independent brands in mainland China is a clear drop in the market share of electric vehicles. That also leads to a decline in the performance of this revenue in the previous years. We will then show you that the relevant Japanese system as well as China's independent brand, a market share of a downward performance.

And then we can see that it is part of the company's profitability. Just mentioned a state of loss in 2023. It is mainly attributed to the fact that I just talked about our Japanese system, we are really affected by a relatively large market here in Japan. When the company is in a low tide, we may also pay attention to the following is like the company's ability is the bottom left corner of the screen.

However, we are still in a relatively stable position in the parts of our ability. Then again, the part of our operating performance can also be seen is that over the years, the relatively competitive market in China.

In addition, our group is also partly in the water level of the funds for a long time is maintained at 20% to 25% of the water level. This water level of the total assets of 20% to 25% of the water level has been our group has always been a relatively prosperous water level to do this plan. So we have a very careful attitude in the face of a regulation of our funds.

And then there is the fact that the part of our gross profit margins that I have mentioned above is fairly stable. This is mainly attributed to the composition of our products here has been maintained at a relatively healthy level. If we divide our products into several categories into mold transfer parts or other words, what is the key to the expansion of our gross profit here?

This is why we can maintain a relatively stable gross interest rate. Then we enter is a customer base of the current group. It can be seen that the bottom of our screen here is a Japanese car company or our group's main customer base. The proportion of Japanese car companies here is 46%. The biggest or Nissan there is.

It also includes the Toyota Honda and the SUBARU here are all our supply customers. Then we came to the right side of the screen here is the U.S. and U.S. car companies. We currently supply about 25% of the share of the U.S. car companies. It includes the SAIC Volkswagen Volvo joint venture brands like domestic sales. It also contains the SAIC Volkswagen Volkswagen Volkswagen Volvo joint venture brands like exports.

This is the meaning of the verse: "And if we are to go to the land of the living, and to the land of the dead, and to the land of the living, and to the land of the living, and to the land of the dead, and to the land of the living, and to the land of the living, and to the land of the dead, and to the land of the living, and to the land of the living, and to the land of the living, and to the land of the living."

Then we finished the day and the European and American models, and then the group came to our group for profit growth. One of the more important focus of the growth is the Chinese auto enterprise here. That is, we call the autonomous brand. We can see that the first Chinese auto enterprise here is now selling the best BRT in China. That revenue ratio has reached 10% of our revenue. That has also become our third largest customer.

The Great Wall now accounts for around 7% of revenue. That's our fourth customer. You can see that we've actually hit a few of their most dominant Chinese car companies here. That's a share of current revenue, which accounts for a total of 28%. That's more than 25% of the American and American car companies here.

As you can see from the left side of the screen, I have been the evolution of our customer base in the last five years. You can see that the most left side of the screen is a customer base in 2020. At that time there was about 75% of our revenue. By 2024, it had fallen to 46%, down about 30%.

So, a change in the proportion of our group in Japan and Europe may have a downward trend here in China. We also made a certain shift to a customer base. The result of this transition to 2024 is that our customer base has already made a more average distribution compared to before. And in 2024, there is a good news that we have an order in the whole year 2024 is a relatively average distribution over the years.

So we received an order expectation in 2024 that there could be a possible revenue stacking up in 2025. That was really the top of a revenue stack in 2027. Of course, we will continue to work on getting an order in 2025 to keep a stacking up for our revenue. The right side of the screen also shows the effect of this revenue stack in our previous order picks.

We can also continue to see how this stacking effect can be achieved by 2025. Next, I would like to share with you some of our current more representative products. First, we have to supply Hannanda, which is Miyada, which is Toyota Highlander. We have to supply front and back door, which is made of IS plastic film. This car is also sold in mainland China for a long time.

We use a metal film, and the in-membrane forming. That's why we transfer the process. It's more like a car refrigerator with a multi-car model shared by BRD. We use the process of forming and painting, so although we say that the main work we have done over the years is car interior decoration, but now in the mainland market, not only in the interior decoration, but also in fact, there may be a lot of workers, such as refrigerator, diesel, TV, and some seats that may have massage workers.

This luminous car is a luminous car that we can test in comparison to Taiwan. Next, this luminous car is a luminous car mark. This luminous car mark can actually be said to be a luminous car mark in front of our group, we do not have a problem with our traditional craft and new craft here, but may be able to make a complementary combination. This luminous car mark is used in our group more specific to the luminous film with his luminous car mark, which means that the luminous new technology with our luminous film process is a specific embodiment of our luminous process. Next, to our group, luminous process may be a more important product. This part is mainly we have a very close cooperation with the Japanese system.

This is the market code S7E, which was developed using our dedicated mini LED light and film or leather translucent technology in mainland China. Previously there was a Chinese code called night light, a fire in China. But later the market felt that electric vehicles were not good in the fire, so later the mainland did not call night light, the name is S7P7. This car is also our current light lucky, a typical product of our group's cloud-based slogan, and now we have started a lot of heavy goods.

This is a video, which may not be very clear, you can look a little bit. You can see that a door panel here is bright, bad, maybe not very much. But this is the door panel here is actually a mode model that uses its own leather translucent technology and here on the market with a LED light, light strip or light strip light is completely the same effect. We are using leather translucent, and it is also a relatively unique technology in the market. Of course, this kind of light product, because it is in fact, there is a high price, so we are looking forward to bringing a better performance for our revenue and profit here after the introduction of this kind of product.

So it may have been a few years ago, although we've been shouting this slogan, but it's not quite as good as the actual revenue that we may have contributed to, or even have even got an answer to. Better yet, in 2024, we may have a better score on the statement. There are currently five cars that are related to Gwangyunmei, one of the five products that is related to Gwangyunmei, and one of them is related to Gwangyunmei. We also expect that because Gwangyunmei's product luminous and high price characteristics can contribute to our revenue when it reaches its mass nodes at the end of his development cycle. But at the same time, we really pay more attention to the fact that these Gwangmei products are a very new thing in the market, and we expect the mass production of these products to do a lot of our technology together with our mass production process and a quality control to do the most effective bottom.

In the past, we have seen the first ten years of China's self-owned brand car companies have taken the first ten inside, but most of them are European and Japanese, so this is the last five years of China's automobile industry, which is a relatively rare situation, because we know that the automobile industry should be a relatively stable to enter the automotive industry's investment costs, which is very high, but now is because of the emergence of China's electric vehicles.

However, it is also good to say that our products are actually available in new energy or traditional oil cars here, because the car interior parts we do are not limited to new energy vehicles or oil cars can be supplied. So to the right side of the screen we can also see that the current yellow here is the top 20 of China's top 20 sales to do supporting the supply of some of the vehicles in the first 10 months of this car, only more than 20,000 units.

First of all, we can see that by 2024, his sales volume was 3.14 million units by 2025, and he estimated that there would be about 5% growth, up to 32 million units. One question you may have is that at present, we see that China is a situation where there may be a little wrong consumption, a situation where growth is not a reasonable estimate. In fact, I think we can explain from this point of view if we take a survey on our network, the number of cars in the United States is 870 units of that China is more than that, the gap between 312 units is even considering that some of the infrastructure between the two countries and there is a gap between the people's consumer power, we really think there is a relatively good growth soil in China's auto market.

Below is an estimate of the global car market.

We can see that by 2025, the total sales volume is expected to reach 89 million units. That can be seen is finally back to a pre-pandemic level. Then here we can see that another part of the new energy vehicle is being observed. In fact, there is a slowdown in other markets other than the Chinese market.

In the future, the Chinese market here is because of our main market or China here. We can see that the market competitiveness will be very intense. Whether it is in the sale price, or the equipment we just talked about above, there will be a military substitute for a roll effect. Even now, we can see that there are some small car companies or some suppliers that may not survive the collapse of this situation, but the competition will be very intense and the roll nutrition will continue to be a part of the competition that we may see.

So even if we are more optimistic, we can see that we have a stack effect on our revenues in the future. But we still have to maintain a cautious attitude to tariffs. Because of this tariff relationship, we are actually taking a global layout, which means that a strategy of multi-production sites is ours here in China, of course our headquarters.

Like Mexico, we've been farming in Mexico for years. Mexico is also a stable and dynamic situation. That's also because one of our current customers is a stronger human being, so we expect that there will be a need for a plant expansion. That was when we first made a 60,000 sq.m. land next to our plant in 2024 last year.

The first section is about Mexico selling to the U.S. because the peer-to-peer tariff part is not yet published to Mexico. It is only against Mr. Trump that he said 25% of the tariffs on the whole of Mexico and Canada as well as the key bosses here. Of course, because most of his direct posting locations in Mexico are not directly published to the U.S. Because of the fact that we are the main manufacturers in Mexico or this side of the factory, tariffs do not have any immediate impact on us.

Another part of this announcement is that we are really public in the United States. But this part is due to the trading conditions, so we don't need to pay the tariff or some fees associated with the subsequent shipment. That's long-term because of the fact that Mr. Trump hasn't talked about it all yet, but the current word is that there is a tariff agreement here here in Mexico. That's why one of the tariffs on this side of the United States should say that there is a tariff on North America, and if more than 20% U.S. value exceeds 20% then his tariff can actually be exempted. That's where most of our products are actually bought from North America, so we can look at this part of the fact that we should have the opportunity to do an exemption.

But the current total share is probably about 12% of our group revenue. By 2024, it was 12% of our group revenue. That said, the 12-word word meant that we had a certain impact on our customers, too. But the strategy we're taking now is 104% impossible to absorb in one way or another, so we're working together with our customers to discuss how we're going to deal with this relatively high tariff.

It may also be an opportunity to point out that this part of our country is undermined. That may not have a big impact on our tariffs. But this part is to see how we can talk to our customers and there will be no new policy going on here. That is probably the whole of our report today. The following part is the Q&A, and you can ask here. I would like to ask you if there is a reference to 12% of US revenue in Mexico?

What is the current share of Mexico out of the United States about 15% to 20%. 15% to 20% Thank you. What is your customs route? What is the customs route in the book?

It was 100 directly because he said that it was different from all of your basic taxes in the U.S., so Trump was talking about 1. 0 when we were in this car from 5 plus to 14 divided by 14 plus 7 plus so our tax was 12 plus % before he was in that car. But in this regard, he had a 2. 5 plus 25% plus 27% plus % better so the car parts at that time were like 7 plus 5 plus 12 plus this. Later, he added 20 percent more than the basic tariffs, so this time he was talking about 34 plus 32 percent more than the basic tariffs, but this time he replaced the basic tariffs with the same tariffs at 2 plus 7 plus 7 plus more than the tariffs, so it would be 20% plus 34%.

So China said 20 plus 3 was 54%. This time it was at 12 noon today at 54%. Now this time it's 50% more. So it's 104%.

So turning it into saying that 104% is for all auto parts in China. All are 104%. But in our experience, I feel that you 54% are not the same as 104%. Why not? Because 54% are impossible to do. Because all the profit of auto parts now is the best profit.

It's like we're doing this in North America. Profits are good too. It's about 40%. So it doesn't make sense. So I'll add that just what Ray introduced is that we've really been preparing for this tariff for a long time. So I just mentioned one thing that we're actively working with our customers to negotiate.

In fact, it is not actively negotiated. It is true that the customer now has the biggest customer that we have in the export should be Chrysler. Streisands. That was just what he introduced to us as our second third biggest customer. Then we actually warned him about this increase in tariffs last year.

I was able to bear it myself. We started because we didn't come back this time, and this time we really helped. He didn't just do it for China, he did it for the whole world. So now three weeks before Chrisler has asked for it. worst the.

All the time you could possibly have informed. Ruili!! Then the data was handed over to North America for the four accounting periods, as if it were possible. Then handed over to them for them to review.

Then the results of the different consultations with us will be passed later. And just to say. How to bear this tariff together. That was when we increased by 20% when we were 30 percent. We also tried it ourselves. Even if we were one and a half today.

Or we have raised about 80%. Our gross profit is still more than 20%. So in fact, the first 20% of our response is ready. For now, we have added this 34 to 50. Now, we are watching this phenomenon.

But I believe in plus 34 or plus 50. Basically, there is no one who can escape the car industry. That is to say, you also have a lot of peers who are now saying he is coming to Thailand. Where he has hurt his production, but now the Thai tax rate is added. The actual results are almost the same.

That's one of the questions you have to ask yourself, and that's 54% more. Is the gross margin equal to 0? Yes, that's basically negative. That doesn't make sense.

So you're actually 54% in this case. In fact, it's possible that Christ could have done something for us. For example, we now have several parts. He asked us to go out of the U.S. bonded cabins. I'm not going to pay taxes on the bonded cabins. But Christ was just the one of them in the bonded cabins in North America.

He went to Brazil after he was assembled in the United States. So the parts are now ordered. Then there were some parts. Because I had made them from China. It was then that I went to my North American warehouse and sent them to the client. The client was from Canada and Mexico.

So now we're about 5% moving this part. Directly into the customer cabin in Mexico and the customer cabin in Canada. But because of this overall situation, it's unclear what Trump is talking about now. That's what you're saying about this 20% U.S. price just said.

That's why Mexico compares to Canada. There are so many agricultural products in Mexico. If you add 25% of the tariff to Mexico, or increase the tariff, this will have a big impact.

And this time the U.S. adds 25% of all car import tariffs to all auto factories. In fact, our Mexican condition is now the top three auto factories in the United States. Instead, you're not getting it like Nissan Toyota. Why. I just wanted to explain to you that we're now producing Toyota with Nissan models.

Includes Camry. They're all assembled in a factory in the United States. Not in a factory in Mexico. It's only Marchs like the lower end that are assembled in a factory in Mexico.

So we do the same thing with our daily produce. Most of our goods are going to the Tennessee Nissan factory to assemble their Tianai this one, and what the melancholy they call the melancholy ones. Then we now have the influence in addition to the number of Chrysanthemums in April.

What's more, just to mention that the current order for U.S. customers is only a few uncertainties in April. Then the following month is normal, according to the original plan. If we look at our earnings for January this year, it is very good to expect. In fact, we have always thought that this year's outlook is a situation that will go up with this situation in January. The uncontrollable factor is Mr. Trump's action.

So in March, we actually did something to deal with, what we had to do to get this more than expected goods to the US warehouse. Because we were worried about how long it would take for him to go into the US warehouse. Although I realized that the two weeks had a very clear result. But his practice was clear that he did a lot of things. It was hard for people to grasp. So in the fourth quarter of last year to the first quarter of this year, we probably had an increase in our inventory in North American warehouse.

That's what you just said about what they're saying about our entire North American warehouse in the United States. That's what our North American company is talking about. Basically, it's when Trump says about the equivalent tariffs. Chrysler announced that he would stop six factories in less than 12 hours.

However, we may have thought that stopping is only possible in Mexico and Canada. But that's not the case, because the three major American automakers are mostly in Mexico and Canada. But his chassis is mostly in Detroit and Oha. So if you want to stop producing assembly, you have to stop working with this stock here.

For me, this is the part that affects me. So we're here to talk about it because it's Chrysler who does the MP project. It's probably just a big project.

The first big chunk of China's auto market must be an independent and relatively curved car market, which is the first if you don't go to China you can imagine how much the Chinese auto roll is going to be. The second is North America, the so-called big market, where I think Canada and Mexico are not cut off, or why it's turned into a single piece, because it's the Trump election to make America bigger, but recently the people have changed to make China bigger, and that's what it's all about.

所以我們很早就把美國北美當作一個單獨的市場在操作它,所以為什麼會在全球的市場上變成一塊呢,因為在去年的時候,我跟董事長會去那邊會簽下一個六萬多平方米的一個土地,然後規劃要建六到八個車間,然後第一個這個建築現在廠房已經開始在蓋了,然後但是廠房在蓋預估要到六七月才能大概封頂完工,但是我們已經等不及了。 所以我們現在又在外面廣泰又租了一個倉庫,把我們現在一萬多平方米的老的工廠的那些庫存跟貨存物搬出去,留下來的大概三千多平方米的工資,現在在規劃三條新的塗裝線,三條新的塗裝線已經發訂單給了廠商,那也是台灣的一個塗裝設備廠,那我們希望這三條塗裝線能夠在今年的第三季末第四季,就能夠用得上手,這都是去年就開始在規劃的事情,而不是說受到影響。 所以美國市場是我們認為要一個單獨操作,且是封閉在美國裡面的,跟加拿大跟墨西哥同樣的裡面的一個做法,這是我們很早就那第三個市場就是這兩個以外的市場,所以剛剛瑞有介紹過我們為什麼在兩年前在日本成立的辦公室,就是那邊有大概六個日本人,都是因為經濟不好,從我客戶那邊,從日產跟瑪瑞莉出來的一些員工在幫我們做這些日系的business,那另外一個就在韓國的,我們在上個月吧,已經跟合資公司啟動了這個土地廠房的建設,那這兩塊的操作方式就是,我們要單獨的去把日本的車廠,還有現代企業這兩個車廠,從根本,從他的老地方,就是從韓國跟日本就開始進入他們的這個供應鏈裡面,尤其是他的前端設計。 因為我們剛剛講的光與美的技術整合裡面,最重要的一環是,我要跟車廠的設計者,要共同來,那些設計者就是什麼紋路比較漂亮,什麼光會比較好,所以現在我們兩個技術中心,一個在大陸,一個在東莞,一個在台灣,廣華技術中心就是在做這樣的事情,所以您剛剛問的市場,我認為以後就是這樣子,那中國跟美國,尤其美國來講,我認為中國跟美國以後輻射到第三個市場會更重要,為什麼,你看中國現在很捲,但是今年就不太一樣了,今年奇瑞吉利長城,都已經把人派到海外去了,他們的工廠已經開始在動了,我也被要求要到土耳其去一趟,就是說,因為長城在土耳其的工廠,他們一開始在那邊設好工廠,就是CKD的模式,從中國把Module運到那邊去組裝什麼的,但是你想到了那裡以後,當地人為了中國政府支持這些車廠過去的,下一步就是跟歐盟要有一定的這個連接性,所以他們都答應,例如長城汽車到了土耳其,到最後可以掛一個當地跟土耳其的品牌,這就變成土耳其的這個歐盟的車型了嘛。 所以這一塊來講,不管是奇瑞吉利或是長城,這些Local品牌,對於海外的市場是非常開放的,所以現在我們也面臨到,就是說接下來,我們的人才夠不夠,我們的這個,尤其海外人才的這個,所以我們現在都在準備這一方面的事情。 不好意思我想請問一下那個,日本跟韓國我們已經進入現代企業,或者是它的認證的,認證的規定,對我們跟韓國在兩年前,跟現代企業一個T2的電鍍廠的一家公司合資,那我們這個合資公司已經了,然後去年我們已經,這家合資公司已經通過,現代企業的這個工藝商認證,所以我們現在下一步就是,什麼時候從採購手上拿到項目,因為我們這次標榜的是,差異化的不同,就是說我們現在做的是,以我們自己開發的油漆磨片,去取代塗裝,所以現在現代對於油漆,他們全球用很多鋼琴A的塗裝,跟金屬漆的塗裝,那怎麼樣要用磨片來取代這個環保的部分,我們就是因為是以這種名義,而很快的進入他們的供應商的這個行列裡面,是這樣子。

But he said, if he is not, T2 factory, you say, our joint venture is T1 factory, is to his T1, for now is, sourcing can send RFQ directly to our target, then now sourcing to us, they are hoping to have a project fixed point, then, but for me, I would also like to be, after the Korean model order, I want to take this project to the United States, because I am more interested in the U.S. company, but they are separate, the Japanese original, we are the key to the fact that we are the key to specify T2, because from the earliest widely established to do water conversion, is to be the supplier of Toyota Honda, so now we have done a lot in there, so we are not only now with Toyota, but also with his T1.

This is Toyota's way of working with Toyota. Even now with Toyota Kosei is Toyota's way of working together globally. This global way of working together means that we can supply Toyota synthesis to the design of Toyota to add to it. That's because there is no factory in Japan that we can use Toyota synthesis in Japan.

So the way to do this is to reduce our investment costs, not to put so much money on the way to Bosnia and Herzegovina, but after six years of this effort. I changed three general managers to finally start this process last year. So South Korea and Japan, and later Southeast Asia, and even I just talked to them. I'm actually more interested in Russians. Because Russia now has a lot more to gain from many suppliers in Russia this year than in China.

The last thing I want to ask is that China is now doing the Belt and Road Initiative with Southeast Asian countries and the European Union. Some of you are going to take a consular tax strategy here, are you referring to a more likely way to change the country or to implement an offensive approach. In fact, the Belt and Road Initiative is becoming more sensitive now that Europe and the United States feel as if the Belt and Road Initiative is the idea of the emperor.

In fact, it is not Russia, his country of Belarus, Kazakhstan, Lithuania, was officially established in Iran. These are going to become a big picture later. But this is a talk about who can prepare here first. In fact, now you see all China's so-called factories basically have divisions of labor in Belarus.

In fact, the purchase from Eastern Europe and Western countries is a big deal. Please call the general manager I just mentioned a lot of new production bases and the actions of our customers were planned earlier. There are no new actions that should be done in response to Trump's new tariffs.

I was shipping from China to North America alone, except for the establishment of Guangtai. I should swell more than 50 million dollars in my annual balance. At that time, if he was not elected for the first time, I believe that this has not happened so far. My exports to North America should be 50 million dollars in the lowest possible amount.

But luckily we also didn't fall to that one with a 25% tariff. Instead, we fell to this 14 to deduct more than 7 plus 5 tariffs. So we've always been exporting North America to keep nearly 13 tariffs. In such 13 tariffs, we've been keeping nearly 30 percent of gross profit.

However, in the United States, the amount of his car had increased over the years since the pandemic. But his new model didn't develop so fast. I'd like to give an example of what I'm doing right now is the Grencher Rappie. This was the model that we started mass production in 2009 and never changed much. It's a small change or even a Krysler model that I'm exporting now.

But these cars are now in the U.S. and have decided to extend them to 2029 to 2030 only for small start-ups. So we now have a few of these molds that basically cost more than a million mill feet per set. So instead of doing these parts of North America, we are more stable and this gross profit is higher. So the effect of this tariff is actually that we were preparing to include a lot of Musingerger land in the early days, which is a future part of the North American independent market.

The cost of your labor is to say that you can't run at least 7 times that our company has to pay. So we never thought of setting up a manufacturing factory called North America. Why I can use automation because I've been working in the assembly factory yesterday. I went to Switzerland with another screw manufacturer who mentioned that Taiwan has been seriously injured recently. They already had a factory in the United States, and we only have one recommendation for high-adjustment automation.

In other words, it's a lot of trouble for you to start a trade union with your employees, especially in the United States. I think the United States is just as good for you as it is for the layoffs. You don't have to give him a month for a month for this mess. Why do U.S. benefits have a career relief? If the funder doesn't sign that he's the one I'm cutting off, it's not that bad for him. So if we're in North America today's office, we're going to give him two weeks to three weeks of wages.

A little better give him a month to go to work. The most important thing is to get him a hand. But the trade union is very fierce. You say that the more power you need to set up a factory in North America, the more power you need. You will have a headache.

You also have a headache.

It's hard to deny your right to work because McDonald's never knew where there was a demonstration factory, there was no one, and there were only two engineers behind the scenes working on unmanned electricity. In less than two weeks, this place came to protest, so you deprived them of their right to work, so it turned off again. Our long-term experience in North America is painful, and Mexico is painful, but much more than him. Because Mexico is a labor force, it was believed that Mexico's labor force is about 70% of China, and I can now tell you half why.

Why? They usually teach today that he can't go to the United States, and they are college students. Because their ambition is to go to the United States, and some college graduates who later stay in Mexico are still left behind, his salary will not be less than the United States, the United States has fewer engineers, but the ability is really a lot.

But when I first started, it was painful to have to go through the first three years, you have to get used to their practice and you will see more. We were in the United States as a assembly plant, we set up a company in the United States in 07, there are all the warehouses and logistics, and we have this project management and quality there, but no production plant. Then we put some assembly into that company, such as to install atmosphere lights, and do everything there. My idea now is that the United States is to try not to say that heavy equipment is there, unless your profit is good, otherwise we are in Detroit there are a lot of Americans around, I went to visit about 78, they belong to a company, about five or six molding machines.

So now it's more flexible, but first of all, you have to look at the Trump wave and what kind of results he will come up with. Well, I think he's painful right now, because now we're basically meeting every day, with this Gordon in North America, that's what the situation is like there, and what the situation is like there, and he's under pressure too. Well, because you're like these car manufacturers are protesting like that.

This is the reason why he said that Mr. Trump was sucking just like that, he did not want to give 25% of Canada and Mexico, and he always called for an extension, and then this time the tariff out of the same way, the agreement to do it until the end of the 26th year, that is, the agreement to do it again, but the whole car is still in effect, the metal steel 25% is also in effect, the Canadian most opposition is the metal, because there is a lot of this metal and aluminum in Canada, so Canada is very resentment. The whole of Mexico car did not hit the car of that day, but hit North America three, Ford, Alliance, and Chrysler, because there is not a lot of them in the USA.

So now back to the point, 90% of the materials used in Guangtai are in the United States, not in Mexico, and are produced in the United States, so I don't know what the impression was about two or three years ago. At that time, the climate became strange, Texas suddenly snowed, and then the whole of us including Guangtai did not have glue, why? I know that all the original glue plants are located in Texas, because there is oil on there, so they said we're going to use oil, when the ice is closed, it takes a whole month to deal with the whole car system, the glue in our system is paralyzed, and the time is urgent.

Kimfa also came from China by air plastic. Otherwise, it won't be. So the 20% value of the US is not a problem in Guangtai for a long time. So we're still confident. Well, that's because time relations open up the last question on site. Well, that's because time relations open up the last question on our site.

Well, that's why today's visit will end here. Well, that's because time relations open the last question on our site. Well, after that, the investment Cena 아니 can still follow the relevant teaching. Well, after that, the investment Cena 아니 can still follow the relevant teaching.