We are very pleased to announce that we have a meeting today with Mr. Zhang Jingrong, Vice President of the Board of Directors of the Tainan Stock Exchange. The meeting will be divided into two parts, namely, Mr. Wu Luolan, Deputy Director-General of Mr. Lin Zhiwei, and Mr. Li Shu-yan, Deputy Director-General of Vice-President of the Board of Directors.

Thank you all for investing in advanced afternoon ann. That's first of all a look at my company's main products, operations, and finances. We'll start planning these four parts with you and make a brief report and then carry out the Q&A. The Tainan textile was founded in 1955, and this year marks the 70th anniversary of our founding. Our paid-back capital is 165 billion, and Mr. Hu Boming was listed in 1989.

This section also corresponds to the value of our manufacturing capital. This section also corresponds to the value of our manufacturing capital. The two major projects include two business groups. One is a spinning business group, one is a chemical fiber business group, and the other is a business group.

For example, for a factory or for sale. Our company is located in the middle of the textile industry chain. The main raw material of the spinning group is natural cotton. So we have from major supply areas around the world. So we have from major supply areas around the world.

The main raw material of the chemical fiber group is PTAEG. This part we buy in the domestic market. Our sales target is the downstream weaving of the whole production. Our operations are located in addition to Tainan headquarter and Taipei office. The chemical fiber group that just mentioned is mainly the production base in Tainan, Taiwan. There are chemical fiber plants and the Pacific factory.

There are chemical fiber plants and Pacific plants. There are chemical fiber plants and Pacific plants. The production base of chemical fiber group is in the Tongnai province of Vietnam. There are two subsidiaries of South Vietnam imitating Vietnam and Prince Edward Long. The main products of the spinning group are cotton yarn mixing yarn OE yarn and a variety of functional yarns.

The monthly capacity of all the major products. Please invest in advanced reporting. It is generally the same as the previous year. But it is also as you all invest in the supply of high information. Because the world's polyester capacity is too heavy. Then the demand is also relatively low.

On the whole. In August last year, the board of directors of our company passed resolution. Then we will just mention the main production products of the chemical fiber plant. It is polyester cotton. Although we still retain the monthly production capacity of 9900 tons. But the production capacity of the fat part.

We stop production for a while. So the actual production will be reduced to 900 tonnes per month. That's another part of the imitation texture. That's the main selling stock right now. Then you see 2024 main products. Just follow the report and explain.

If you want to have a new product. Compared to the previous year, polyester cotton can be found with the above reasons. The production of polyester cotton can be found with the imitation texture. There is a significant decrease compared to last year. That 2024 revenue ratio.

Part of the imitated sand group is 38 percentages. The chemical fiber group is 40 percentages. The other 22 percentages are mainly the imitated shopping center. With us in Vietnam another transfer investment company. Revenue contribution of imitated sand group. That is the distribution of the sales market.

The main market for sand imitation groups is export to Asia. The main market for chemical fiber groups is the domestic market in Taiwan. And part of export to Asia.

The other section of the financial overview. You can see it all. The consolidated profit and loss statement of the single season. Our gross profit and profit margin. Gross profit and profit margin of 2024Q4. Gross profit and profit margin of the business line.

Net operating interest rates. Even magnified throughout the year. 2024 throughout the year. Actually, we are in the chemical fiber and imitated sand industry. The overall environment is on top of the company's manufacturing industry. It is still quite difficult.

This resulted in a loss of net operating profit. That 2024 year-round. Net loss of owners of the parent company's tax is $5.58 billion. The conversion of EPS is a negative $0.34. That ended at the end of 2024. The combined assets of the entire group.

There are about 489 billion. That shareholder interest includes non-company interests. There are about 29,4 billion. If converted into net worth per share, it is likely that it is $17.6. Then the next part of the cash flow table.

Please invest in advance to participate in the review. At the end of 2023, because there are shares of assets. The ratio of income contribution outside of business. Therefore, there is also a relatively high water level in cash at the end of the year. That is basically in 2024. We have continued to use to repay borrowings.

Reducing interest expenses also moderately reduces the water level of cash. Finally, the outlook for the future. We still maintain the same six directions in the medium and long term. First, the continuous optimization and refinement of the textile industry.

The second is to accelerate the development and upgrading of line products. In fact, in the last two years 112 to 13 years. We have also invested nearly 400 million dollars in production line transformation and upgrading. The third is to continue to support the transformation of investment business.

The fourth is the circulation business. Nanfang Shopping Center has reached the tenth anniversary of its opening. The turnover in 2024 is also over 10,5 billion years old. The fifth point is to continue to revitalize the assets. It includes the rental of idle factories for sale.

And planning the development of the Nanfang Science and Technology Park. That last point continues to be the central point of our business expansion. This is my presentation. If you have any questions, please leave a message below. Then talk to our colleagues.

Thank you. Check out the comparison between 2023 and 2024 gross profit. A big change. That's a little difference in gross profit. For 23 and 24 years.

In fact, in terms of the overall situation. Mainly or 24 years. Our manufacturing industry mimics the part. Affected by the industrial environment. So this part is indeed in Maori. Because of the brand part.

It has some de-escalation of stock. In fact, it does strictly control. So the unit price of the whole sale is above. It is also more difficult. Therefore, the gross profit margin is indeed affected. There are some effects in the manufacturing industry.

This is part of the problem, but we also have a problem, yes, yes, yes.

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.

Yes, yes, yes. Just gra possa, thank you, thank you, good, thank you, Chcia, chemical, called, then, then, we, we, we, our visit, of course, in fact, good transfer thank you. If you are looking for the best products for your business, we are here to help you find the best deals for your business. We are here to help you find the best deals for your business. We are here to help you find the best deals for your business. We are here to help you find the best deals for your business. We are here to help you find the best deals for your business. We are here to help you find the best deals for your business. We are here to help you find the best deals for your business. We are here to help you find the best deals for your business. We are here to help you find the best deals for your business. After long investigation, it becomes shorter, so it becomes more common that he has a relatively large adjustment on it will be easier to get to the back of the right part, the small and medium-sized relevancy is more difficult, the above is me. Dear all, I said a supplementary report for the chemical fiber industry, because the chemical fiber industry in the past part of the young customers in order to place orders in a suppression way, because their downstream customers will have a number of suppression messages, basically from the epidemic so far this model has been broken, basically the customer will no longer provide us with the message, then only the month after the month after the order mode is much larger, because they may have a multiple segregation and then the factory period, then now becomes a small and diverse situation becomes more obvious, then we are about 80 meters, then it has been maintained for several months, now it looks like the next months will be the same processing to continue. The next six directions are the focus of the future, is that, the order of Yosuke Yosuke does not have a priority will be put in the first, that is, like the southern policy of the center of Singapore's south-east policy is more specific to the idea is a concept, I think the whole southern part of the industry but the industry is a fundamental, that the fundamental industry is not too good in recent years, and that is by the influence of China's price competition, I think the global petrochemical industry has had to think, including has been relatively large, that is the initial unexpected, that it is more difficult to reverse the actual, then we can say that the time can hold the time can not be seen in the appropriate opportunity to carry up again, we will continue to make an optimization, that other front investment part of the past is left behind the history, we are the problem, but it is stable, because of the epidemic is that is that the epidemic is the epidemic is the epidemic is a relative profit is still close to maintain it is a lot of the whole.

The residential area can be built. But we don't know how to move it. Those years should still be in the mall's integrity. It's now in the second phase. We've probably covered the three-tiered one in five years. The whole mall is complete.

That's a 5000-year period behind. I believe I'll follow the integrity of the previous one. The value of the backward will be increased again. This part is probably like that. As for that southward, it's always been.

Because we are in Vietnam, we are a long way to the south. 25 years. 25 years. 25 years.

In fact, the South has been going to us for 25 years. It has always been good. It has always been good. We have not been to China directly to Vietnam. That is, of course, we are all affected.

That is Singapore. We will practice in Singapore. But I would like to say, if there is any way to transfer investment opportunities, in Indonesia, I would like to talk about it again.

It will be an investment point from Singapore. Put it from there and then strengthen Vietnam. There will be other Indonesia as well. Other opportunities. We will develop from that Vietnam. But that part.

As soon as the whole of the change of the large aircraft. Now there is a serious talk. But it is not mature yet. That is, the nationalization part of the asset is. I think it will be in the next few years. That should be three to five years.

It is easy to see a little bit of success. We still have that. We have one. It is an industrial plant. It is a project of Taiyuan Science Park. It will start to work this November.

This is an industrial plant. It should be very similar to Taiyuan Science and Technology Park. It should be the same as an industrial plant in the electronics industry. Do a high-convergence industrial plant. This product is not in Tainan.

And we will go to the land of the living, the land of the dead, the land of the living, and the land of the living, and the land of the living, and the land of the living, and the land of the living.

No. That part is the Thamud, now the Thamud, now the Zamou prefecture. That is, there is a piece behind it that is not known why.

He is the one who says, "We have sinned, we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong; we have done wrong.

That development may be a long time. Because the yuan has been doing for 20 years. It's probably almost done. It took 20 years to complete. It's all developed. That's what I believe we're going to do.

It should be a little longer than it could be, and we're bigger than it is, so we're going to take that step one step further, and that's what we're talking about in the South China Sea.

Speaking of the future boss. Apart from this profession. There is another one other than the middle class. Compare the results. A plan. That will start to work in November.

This year, it's also the month of October. That's the way it is now. For this year's follow-up capital expenditure, there will be some comparisons of animations.

Of course, there are some capital expenditures, that should be, and it shouldn't be too much of a problem, after all, our entire debt.

Because it was sold last year. Sold it. The mall of the unified international building. It was the original Hsin-Yi product. The one we owned. 19% was close to 20%.

He is not the only one who has the right to be worshipped, but he is not the only one who has the right to be worshipped, the only one who has the right to be worshipped, the only one who has the right to be worshipped, the only one who has the right to be worshipped, the only one who has the right to be worshipped, the only one who has the right to be worshipped, the only one who has the right to be worshipped, and the only one who has the right to be worshipped.

And he said unto them, Behold, we have sinned, and we have sinned, and we have borne the burden of another; and we have borne the burden of another, and have borne the burden of another, and have borne the burden of another.

The whole is sold to the unity. So the unity now basically holds almost 100%. Because it is there. Doing it now is part of building. The others are almost following their own. Let it be more able to develop.

He is not afraid of all things; he is afraid of all things; he is afraid of all things; he is afraid of all things; he is afraid of all things; he is afraid of all things; he is afraid of all things; he is afraid of all things; he is afraid of all things.

So we learned to say, "It's a piece that tells us about the integrity of the asset, and it's not quite complete, so it's deleted last year, so there's one last year.

There is a reward for the righteous, and there is a reward for the wicked, and there is no reward for the righteous, and there is no reward for the righteous.

I think we're going to do this. That's where the tech plant is. Here's where the capital comes from. That's where we're going to work. That's where the whole debt goes.

It will be higher than last year or two years ago. But first, we fell. Because of last year's cash relationship, it will be slightly higher. But it won't be as high as last year.

That's what I'm going to say. I'm also going to add it here. It's just that you've seen our investment friends. In fact, we have a certain cash level. That's what we're talking about.

If we look at our debt ratio, whether we are individuals or a consolidated balance sheet, our debt ratio is in fact maintained around 30% to 40%. I think it should be considered a conservative financial structure.

We are talking about the development of the Nangang Science and Technology Park. It is also about the development of the Taiyuan Science and Technology Park.

That's basically it. Because we really have people learning, so we're talking about science and technology parks. It's an existing plant. There should be an industrial land of 14 square meters. That's basically where we're headed.

The development mode of Taiyuan Science and Technology Park is the development of a phased segment. The low-stage base area and the volume of the segmentation will be different, so I think the capital expenditure of the national road should be within the scope of our control. If we look at 14 square meters, that odd number is the reaction of the market. At present, we do not have a very clear phased segmentation.

If that is the case, because we just mentioned by the spokesperson, the opportunity to start working at the end of the year or when Happy Moon is expected to take more than two years. So I want to complete the deadline, should it be between the fourth quarter of 2027 and the first quarter of 2028. Then do some of the rental and partial sale. At this stage, we have continued to do the imitation and the bidding, which is to look for potential tenants or buyers first.

The current building is planned, and if we are currently starting the building, we can plan the four phases. It is likely to cover two or three buildings, and its four phases are now covered by the first stage, and the first phase will be two and the second phase will be two. The whole addition is serious, and it will be divided into two to three phases of development. Because now part of the land or the chemical rope plant, it may be moved to the second stage, I believe that fast, it should be moved to the second part in ten years.

I am not sure if he was going to be involved in the design of the building, he actually talked about it before, so he always wanted to go to the south and he needed to be stable in the north, so he did what he was doing would be different from the people. This mall really has a strong ability to say that if I had the ability to do something in Taiwan, this team should be his first team. For him, I thought it was interesting to say that we were at the mall, not at the landmark, so basically I thought that the concept was different from the general mall.

If you are looking for a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place.

It is Ode's mentality Tainan's competition is more beautiful, I'm really serious about the new crown or the strong new crown is inside the strongest now if we say that I don't have gold cakes he has gold cakes if we say that leaving gold cakes, we should not protect the power of higher than he probably said that 180 170170181 about the 81 or gold cake.

The market and others. The market and others said, "270 left gold cookies" is their goal. Like "ener nerd," they do what they want to do "to see one of the things that can be done." The most important thing is that "he shopholders start to put up space."

It is easy to do this kind of movement if it is possible. If it is like we are buying a currency to buy it, it is basically not a pity. Because that cost-effectiveness is not at all. So the price is too high. The road to your government is a good one, for example.

It's not a matter of course to say the whole thing. At the moment, it's more conservative, and the manual work was originally a little related to the investment. So seriously, we want to do fine things, so it may be opened by 2030. For now, it's in 3 years. But I think it's supposed to be finished, but you didn't see any progress this year. So if you want to start again this year, I'm probably the fastest way to open up.

So what to do in the next few years is basically what to do with the combination of products inside that can be done very low. So basically what to do in the next few years we have a lot of ideas before some architecture, but later it slowly went to another direction to want to say to do the hotel, or simply to do a more sophisticated boutique like North Weda. Now is still thinking about it, so let's make it all the pace and replace it, because the Rendezvous area of science and technology park is moving to do it first today, after you see what you want to do again, so the third phase is not necessarily a department store it, but it may be the hotel, maybe it is part of the office, or even think that the office can live with the hotel. Because it can be covered up to the 28th floor, of course, this is the cost of course.

So, I think South China has recently been looking for another possibility that we have been looking for the whole industry a bit slower, then the center in the past recovery is actually the recovery of the department store is not so so strong that it is easier to see the results should be the science and technology distance is 28 years later we are more certain that the situation will be better when we will be 28 years together with one of our original land costs are more serious than the time, so the investment effect will be very large. That is a balance I want to put on a portfolio like our industry pressure on our department store, we can only develop some of the other changes I think is a product mix, and some good thing is that we want to get a little bit closer to the change.