Hello all, welcome to join us at the 114th Annual Revenge Fibre Congress in Taiwan. I am Zhou Xiaoming, the mayor of Revenge Fibre Taiwan. Next, I would like to give an introduction to the company's current situation.

First, let's take a look at the company's brief description. The company was founded in Taiwan in 62 years, we have two factories in Taoyuan Badd, and in Yanmei Badd. My main products have two, one is a home company, and one is a product.

In the last few years, we have increased the volume. Our transportation market began operations in 1998. By 2023, we launched a fabric brand called ASNANA. Fabrics are mainly high-sensitivity inductive fabrics. This is 100% of our own research and development from raw materials to products, and 100% of our production in Taiwan.

This year, we were at the Asian Center last year, and this year our R&D center was formally established. The main purpose is to develop our related products. This is a ceremony where we can see here in this brief one of the main aspects of our products. Of course we have a variety of processors, then we are very scattered in a variety of complex and functional processors.

That said, we have a very diverse range of fabrics on top of the cloth. Whether it's elastic or hairy, or on top of a high-ball, or on top of a magnetized cloth, or even on top of an eco-friendly fabric, we have a lot of development. This is one of the hair-elastic fabric brands of Iran, which was released in 2023. This fabric brand has five characteristics. The first is it has a soft hair. The second is it has a soft running temperature.

Thirdly, it is flexible on the basis of a variety of different flexible presentation. It can be tailored to different needs of customers to achieve flexible needs. We can design a different variety of flexibility. The fourth item is quite easy to organize. It does not need to be dry-cleaned. This is an important point for environmental protection.

The fifth point is that we use a wide range of environmentally friendly materials. We use them from recycled plastics to recycled materials. Of course, one of the most important styles for our customers' brands is that we have unlimited style. We emphasize the use of fabrics made by our Iranian Nadal fabrics, made of fabrics, so that consumers can feel comfortable and comfortable.

So this product is a favorite of our customers from all over the world. It is also one of our Chinese brand customers, so please refer to it here. This is the condition of the entire operation and revenue from the first quarter of 2019 Q1 to the first quarter of this year, please refer to it. Of course, we can see that in the epidemic, from 110 years to the end of the epidemic, slowly began to recover from the epidemic.

This is the whole gross profit situation from 106 to 114 Q1. It can be seen that in 109 years although the year of the PolarVanity outbreak, because of an emergency situation throughout the world, the whole gross profit situation is also considerable difference.

Of course, this year, one of the overall U.S. tariffs also has an entire exchange rate relationship, so there is so much uncertainty about the entire international trade. So this year, it may be a little bit different. Well, I would like to tell you about our vice head office's outlook for the future. This year, we set up R&D centers. Of course, you may also know about our products, we have to make a large number of workshops in this direction to increase the transfer.

As a result of the fact that these products are actually manufactured from raw materials to dyed to post-processing, it has a very strict specification in itself. Especially for some more safety-related work. Like it in any kind of certification, there is a very strict specification in one fact in a variety of engineering laws. Those when we can go to our R&D center to do such a research and development. When the whole industry can do such a development, in fact this means that we have a great improvement in the whole of our business in terms of products and technology and production.

The second point with the R&D center, we also set up the night market. Then we want to have a very important function from the R&D center is that we want to do more of a product from the raw material supplier. This plays a very important role in both the development and development of a product, whether we pay the salary or say above the goods.

But by July 8th is what it calls an inverse medium term back to July 8th. So for the whole world in Samsung brand customers and U.S. brand customers, there is a general outlook. So this kind of situation I think will inevitably cause the entire industrial restructuring after these different tariffs are waiting for landing.

That's what we have to face, too. In May, at the beginning of May, the dollar rose sharply and rose more than 10%. In fact, only the dollar rose in that period compared to other Asian currencies.

In addition, because the appreciation is too fast, it is very independent for our exports. Therefore, this year, the overall blood supply benefit factor is still quite high, whether it is here on tariffs, or in the whole exchange rate appreciation, I want to see a lot of changes in the second half of the year. This is also the company in general, we must take steps to deal with it. Of course, throughout the long term, the transition period, we are facing an uncertain situation in which the entire international trade and the supply chain as well as the entire exchange rate.

As a result of the company's development, it is an important transformation for the company's development. Therefore, during the transition period, we are faced with tariffs and exchange rates change. In the long run, we continue to develop, our goal is to continue to promote the company's entire business model one-way. That's what we are all about for the future.