Hello everyone, welcome to the open law of Datong Startup. Today I am honored to invite the company management team to do today's explanation. Put the company management team now thank you. Thank you, Mr. Lawman. So now I'm open to everyone, can you see the answer? Well, the answer is clear, thank you.

Well, I'm the technical director of the Dai-Tung Startup. Next, we'll give you a first question, then it's QA time. Then we'll go ahead and ask you a few questions. The presentation will be divided into two parts, mainly the first part is an introduction, then the second part will report the design. Then, let's first report to you about the development of Dai-Tung Startup compared to this decade.

So in response to the world market, we have to pay attention to insurance, of course, so we have to apply for a number of certifications, so because there are many certifications, so it follows a few projects with each other. First we got the first certificate of insurance, is the Opotex Pender 100, near-imitation commodity certification, that is, this certification, which represents our goods, for consumers is not afraid of. So in 2014, to obtain a vast industry, a very difficult race certification, that in the year of the separation, we got ISO 14064, the certification of greenhouse gas emissions, this certification, we have a lot of years of support, then we also discussed, the public release center to be disclosed in the Central Congress.

In addition to this, we will also be able to provide a variety of services such as marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing,

So in the part of the inventory collection, we also made a lot of changes in the years, so the recovery rate has been greatly improved, that in a large account, because we buy, the buy is the main profit is a relatively high part, the buy is usually the first to make the goods, so this product will be more important, to 20 days, the above is a few financial reports. Then look at our capital expenditure part, Tatung Chong capital expenditure is divided into three blocks, namely equipment, repair and dispersion.

That's why we've been decentralizing capitalized equipment for years. So the production equipment is decentralised and the large factory decentralised. The above is the capital expenditure of the mainland. Then there's the Q&A. You can ask.

Thank you, everyone should be very careful. Everyone should be very concerned. So that's really the beginning of the Trump tariff. I'm also a good person to ask. So I just got a question.

We are afraid of what we say, but we are afraid of what we say, and we are afraid of what we say, and we are afraid of what we say, and we are afraid of what we say.

That's why I'm going to explain it. That's why our company sells directly to the brand. The structure of the whole business is about 65%.

Another 35% belong to the foundry. That's why 65% of this is for brand sales. That's why our company has always been the main focus of the European market. That's why the U.S. market is mainly the Kash main bird. But the main growth momentum of the Shi main bird has grown over the past two years, especially in the last two years.

So they are all in the Asia region. And its growth momentum is very strong. So we see it for our predictions. Including the prediction of the orders for the second half of this year.

So the main part of our manufacturing process is actually the main part of some more ordinary ball sports clothing. So this is the market share in the United States. But we are very lucky. So we are in the main customer. So its main production base is in Egypt and Ethiopia.

So the rest of us probably finished stocking up. It's not in the business scene of these two countries, so it's about 15%. So it's all about that. So the 15% inside of the 35% is about that. So it's about that.

So the impact on our orders. So it's not really that much. So that's what we're going to say about tariffs for our company. So Trump's tariffs also have a small impact on our company's orders. So that's not a big deal.

So instead, I asked the question about the U.S. dollar denominated and iso. So it is true that this exchange rate has recently been moving for us. So it will actually have a significant impact. So, of course, we all received U.S. dollars. So this exchange rate suddenly dropped so many bitcoins. So between 8 and 10 bitcoins.

So, in fact, the gross profit margin will start to change. So, in addition to the increase in our costs, the exchange rate will affect our gross profit. So, of course, our countermeasures. So, the main thing is that we are already adjusting some of the prices with the brand. So, of course, the increase in costs would have to be adjusted.

So we have discussed with brands about the price adjustment in the second half of this year. So the second is, of course, this is probably not completely reflected in our prices. So the saving of manpower for some of the internal costs is also in the direction we have been working on. So we hope that the change in exchange rates will have the lowest impact on gross profit.

Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.

Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.