Welcome to the Investor Conference. I am the presenter. Before the official start of the conference, we are honored to invite Mr. Hu Ruihan, Chairman of Yuanta Investment, to introduce the opening of the conference. Let us share with you with a warm applause. Today, we will introduce to you a lot of investors here, we have a lot of investors, and we have a lot of investors.

We welcome Mr. Hu. Such as the general manager of Rainbow, such as the operation team, the chief financial officer, and all the legal friends and journalists of the meeting, this is an interesting way to retract the opening. However, because the reporter's friends came to me and reminded me of the time when the media was in the media, when our reporters talked to him about running like a rainbow, he said to me that it's bad for the mature industry.

Of course, I think this time, you guys should have a rainbow of clothes. Now it's not just sportswear, my daughter says a dozen pieces, I have four and five, so fashionableFashionable is what you're going to have for dinner with your friends, I'm wearing a rainbow of clothes, functional clothes. So, of course, I'm going to look back and see if this is the second quarter of last year, I found that it's really good. If we look at the time to start in the second quarter of last year, I'm going to see that we've got more than three percent of the gross profit margin, and if we're going to keep it up and down the average gross profit margin is also 31.8. So he has his strength.

Mr. Hu said, "I want to thank you, Mr. Hu, for your support. I would like to thank you, Mr. Hu, for your support. We will take this focus back to today's President, Mr. Hu, and Mr. Lin, the Chief Financial Officer of the Hong Kong People's Republic of China. The agenda will be announced by Mr. Lin, the Chief Financial Officer of the Hong Kong People's Republic of China.

The Q&A session will be co-answered by Mr. Hung and Mr. Lin, Chief Financial Officer. I would like to give my time to the Chief Financial Officer. I would like to thank you all for your interest in investing in advanced media.

The Q&A section of our general manager will answer more questions. Some of the relevant financial-related questions will be answered by me. Today, we will introduce the financial-related questions that will be answered by me. So let's first report to our company because there are some future prospects that may not be published so we will try to answer reasonablely. So if there is something not so clear, then you can ask no more questions. That's basically what we have to say after the briefing, you can write a question ticket or raise your hand to ask questions.

We can see that the total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2024 is up to 9.5 billion7. That vs. the fourth quarter of 2023 grew by 12.6% in the fourth quarter of 2023 by 12.7 billion. That was 28.500 million in gross profit. That grew by 3.4%.

That vs last year was a slight difference in gross margin of 32.51 in the fourth quarter of 2023. So many advanced investors would come to ask me why I am doing this a little bit. There are four main reasons. The first is Protamix Protamix Protamix, which is the product that we can see in the fourth quarter of 2024 the share of the increase of capital is 30% in the 2023 Q4 increase of 40%, so the first is because the share of 2024 is 30% lower compared to the previous year. The second is the delivery of the customer and the delivery of the gross profit product.

There is also the delivery period of high gross profit products to January 2025, so the combination of production and sales in Q4 was affected by some of the impact of the same Q4 sales also affected the gross interest rate of the second reason is that the third reason is that we continue to increase the basic salary overseas, and we are the number of new staff in Indonesia has been directly employed so more and more, so the entire production line in Indonesia has been increased by 112 entries until December, so there is a cost of training, so the fourth reason is that new customers have been trying to develop targets for some of the new customers in this regard, especially those customers are still familiar, so there will be some part of the impact of our production efficiency, so in the fourth quarter we see our gross profit to 29. This is because we have some Q&A questions here to say that the first three reasons for this first answer here is because the first estimate of the year-end bonus in Q4 year-end bonus and the fourth quarter of the previous year's year's year's year's year's year's year-end bonus is obviously rising mainly because our revenue profit is the main increase in the year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year-end bonus and the fourth quarter's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year-end bonus, and the year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year-end bonus, and the year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's We can see that the operating gross profit margin is also up to 30.87 and back to 30% or more of the operating gross profit margin is up to 30.87. The annual operating profit margin for 2024 is 9. 82vs 2023 the same period of the same year 10. 16 We are a relatively normal situation, that is, the fourth quarter is some special because the seasonal level of some of the special expenses will sit in the fourth quarter so if you pull up all the year to see that the operating profit margin must be in one of our control is that the whole other outside of the expenditure here is the same.

That was only $0.500 million in the previous year. So there was an increase in the revenue and expenditure of a 400 million exchange. Let's look at the net profit for this period. Net profit for this period in 2024 was 6.6 billion growth rate of 28. 29%. Net interest rate for this period was 18%.

Last earnings per share 24.2. Compared to last year's earnings 24.2. Growth of $5.33 year-on-year compared to last year's year-on-year 2023. Growth of $5.33 year-on-year. Growth of $5.33 year-on-year. Good.

We can see the revenues of each quarter for the past three years, and we can see the steady growth of the quarters. So if we look at the fourth quarter of 2024 and the fourth quarter of 2023, we just mentioned that the increase of 10.7 billion is 12.6 billion. So if we follow the 1 we can see that the figure in Q4 in Q4 is 5. 181 lower than in 2023.

The first one is the low season of Q4. I have just mentioned that the customer's delivery time is relatively tight in Taiwan this year. So the customer's delivery time is until January 2025. One of the four quarters of that time is up to 29. 93. In fact, it is almost 30%.

So, the Q4 sales increase is clearly the highest in history. Second only to Q2 in 2022, the single quarter of 7.1 billion. A single quarter of 2024Q4 to 6.7 billion increase is a year-on-year increase of 31.8%. 31.08 percent. Next, let's take a look at the monthly revenue and let's report our February revenue figure. We can see that February this year's revenue figure is 2.6 billion compared to the previous year, and February 20. 73 has increased by 20. 73.

So let's take a closer look at the steps if the number of February is slightly lower than the previous year. That's a continuation of the previous year or growth from January to February to 18.58 million or continued to grow from the previous year or the previous year is the same as the previous year or the same as the previous month. That's because January to February because the number of days of work is less and there are some Spring Festival holidays in fact, the employees who come back to work, so the start of the labor union is relatively slowly, so a month of shipping in January and February will be slightly moved, so we would suggest that it should be said that while January to February together, it is a step down in February but a step up in February to increase in overall YTD to the current year by 23.97 percent.

The main reason for this is that in the second half of 2024, while waiting for the sale and withdrawal of 1, our annual capital increase ratio was up to 40% and then up to 35%. We looked at the 1 to 2,25 in January and the 1 to 2,2025 in January and the 1 to 28% in February, so we can see that the ratio is up to 28% in January and February. Next, we can report on the profit trend of the 3rd quarter and we can see that our gross profit margin is basically stable growth between 28 to 32%, which means that when we continue to expand the market size, we can also maintain a stable profit and then the net operating rate on the right side, we can see that Q4 number in Q4, the net operating rate is up to 19.54%.

The bottom left is the income after tax, we can see that the number of accumulated income is sustained in the growth and tax after the interest rate continues to grow, of course, mainly is that there are some outstanding income, especially in 2024 exchange benefits, relying on 400 million, and selling some plants to increase profits is 6 million, mainly in 2024 is the two relatively large numbers. The bottom right is the earnings distribution of our distribution of the dividend distribution.

We distribute the earnings per share. The distribution per share is 7 yuan. The distribution rate for that earnings is up to 70%. That is, we want to keep the dividend rate stable.

We can see the two bars on the right. The AR days of 2023 are 50 days. That's from 2024 to 56 days. That's mainly because of the benefits.

In fact, it is all about sales growth. It is especially about earnings. Sales of earnings are the highest in the current year. But we can see the unexpected part. In fact, most of the rising numbers are not expected. So AR is healthy.

Below is a look at the stock. The stock condition is the stock date. Basically, it is below. However, you can see the Q1 order in 2025. Because we expect to rise. In fact, Q4 in 2024 is either the stock of our raw materials or the stock of our products is raised or deferred.

That's because stock increases are controlled for a short period of time. That's why it's the opposite. Well, I quickly made the relevant gross profit margins for you, and the expense ratios for you. Then I'll give the time to the host. Because we're going to do the Q&A next time, thank you again for Lin Fenrong's wonderful presentation.

We arrived at Q&A time. First, we had a question collected before the meeting. We asked the Chief Financial Officer to answer the question. The question will be in paper form. Please send the question to the field staff. We will arrange the order and then ask the general manager to answer the question.

Well, the same is true for me to ask. Before we meet, we know that there are some advanced questions that we want to make more of. I did some sort of sorting. Then I will answer by the general manager. There are some parts that I will add to my answer. The first is about tariffs and Mr. Trump, which are now very popular and everyone cares about us.

The question here, including the change in tariffs after Trump's appointment, will affect the supply chain so that customers will not react to the changes in the supply chain. Well, I do. Well, I do. Well, I do. Well, I do. Well, I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do not. Because the question is very similar to how companies or textile industries deal with tariffs that will share tariffs with customers.

I would like to thank the Vice President of the company, Mr. Frank, for the first time to remember that Mr. Frank, Mr. Frank, I would like to thank the partners of Yuanda. I would like to meet this question because today, I think the situation of Tariff in the company is a simple response to a few questions. That is, the company has a question to say whether there is a change in the situation of customer orders after Trump's position in the supply chain, whether it is a change in the situation of customer orders, such as Rainbow's current situation, because of the current impact of the fact that some of the three major Mexican households in the company's production base is actually affecting some of China's agreements.

Currently, it is possible to stay in the case of a 10-15% add-on order. So, in short, the company's current order is still stuck in the case of a 10-15% add-on order. It is a change that is not visible. It is a change that is not visible at the moment. The fourth question is whether the company's investment in Vietnam is affected by U.S. tariffs or not.

The two points are the current state of the company's overall investment. At present, it looks, and currently looks. In fact, before Tariff's policy, the company's investment in this plan in Vietnam if the problem is Vietnam local will probably stay in some small increase. Some increase in capacity, because the last few spells will probably show that our company's current proportion in Vietnam is relatively high.

This is the current situation. Of course, the target of our review is not of course, there are some other possibilities for Indonesia and Cambodia. That is because we are still in early stage, so if there are some more clear directions, we will do some further explanations with you.

The next question is about the U.S. climate. What is Trump's impact on the U.S. climate after his appointment? What is the outlook for the overall terminal market in 2025. What are the positive and negative factors. On the other hand, there is also a relevant question as to whether Taiwan's current order visibility.

This question was asked by the general manager. Thank you, Vice President. I answered the second question first. That's the visibility of the current order. It's pretty clear that the current customer only to the company forecast seems to be in July.

So looking at the numbers, I can't really tell if he's saying North American needs. Because the numbers seem to fit our expectations at the time. So here are some of the answers to this question. The previous question was about the economic impact of Trump's post-commitment. What is the outlook for the overall terminal market economy in 2025? What are the advantages and disadvantages?

I think it's a good thing to start with. We actually see the world's demand for some sports industry in terms of numbers and client-side meetings. This includes several international events from 2026 to 2028. So overall, this movement is driven by a very strong drive force.

I don't think that this number is going to affect a lot of things in my opinion. That's because it's a consumer market. If there is not enough money in the consumer pocket, then it's going to affect his consumption behavior. So of course, we're still going to review to monitor some of the figures that are actually related to consumer behavior in some countries, including the induction of consumer spending indexes, which we see the biggest uncertainty right now is that the U.S. government has some of the policies in the various industries.

Thank you, General Manager. Next, we have a question about the order. The order has already been seen in July. Please ask if you have a previous order to see if there is any double-digit growth or if you can reach more than 20% growth, especially during the second quarter of 2025 to the third quarter of this year.

In fact, this 20% or double-digit growth goal I would like to say in the previous few spells, probably, that this is a direction and goal that the company's senior management team can hope to achieve. That's what I want to see at the moment.

As for the second half of the year, we just talked about some uncertain factors or needs to be observed, so we continue to monitor. But sometimes looking or saying something old is a prudent and optimistic. Well, next is a question about customers. The first two questions are, because I already have a number, and I report that question first.

Q. What is the share of the five largest customers in 2024? The share of the five biggest customers is still greater than 50% in 2024. The growth rate is 22 digits. The share of the six minorities is currently up to 13% by December 2024. The growth rate is 3 digits. The target of 2025 is 12 to 18%.

So, let's talk a little bit, and then let's go ahead and ask the general manager to answer what the main customer's outlook is for 2025. The order will grow as long as the future growth comes from the addition of the existing customer or new customer. Then, what are the customer's motivations to provide operations in 2025.

All of these are related questions for the general manager to answer. Thank you, Mr. Minister, I've done cover. I'd like to add Q&A if there's something missing. Just to mention the outlook of the main customers in 2025, I'd like to continue our previous law fairs.

So this is no exception. I remember my previous law granting a percentage of the company's adoption of our new product. It looks pretty good right now. That is to say, the client's kinetic energy on the adoption of the new product is also good. So I think it can not be converted to the actual order, I think it depends on the actual market change. That is to say, my adoption rate means that my business will definitely increase.

But my adoption rate is not very clear and clear, it's definitely my TO. So from this point of view, the actual company in the adoption rate of new products in the adoption rate seems to maintain a good condition, so we have a good immediate point. Well, the next point to mention that the main growth of the order is mainly from new customers or old customers.

This is why we can also expect him to work with some of the well-known brands in North America to come in. That in the fabric fabric part of course, we also have some of the development results in the last couple of years. So we included some of the performance or active wear we have in the fabric development in the past, especially for some of the outwear brands that are more professional in terms of price.

I think the development team is also a positive encouragement to say that some of our development levels and even the above levels are constantly rising. This also lets you report ahead. Brand customers and channel customers' orders look forward to the growth of each brand, because the situation of tariff is relatively sensitive to some tariffs or prices above. So the situation of 4Cast seems a little more conservative.

However, overall is about branding and clients, and I think that their outlook for 2025 is positive. Well, there is a question about the current inventory of the industry in 2025. Considering some of the current environment and the existing inventory of the brand and channel customers have not adjusted.

So I think this response should be to say that the stock water they have been down. As for how brands and channel customers adjust their order patterns, I think I should have answered this question a little earlier. Well, above. Well, next is the question about gross profit margin just asking the reason for the company's decline in gross profit margin in the fourth quarter, which I have just helped to answer, so this is no longer answered here.

There is also a question of whether the gross profit margin performance of the company in 2025 will be higher than that of 2024 or not, and we will continue to maintain a stable gross profit margin under the expansion of revenue conditions, which means that we believe that our gross profit margin is healthy and stable between 28 to 32, so our attitude towards gross profit margin is prudent and optimistic. I don't think it's better to say that the addition of the gross profit margin is the part of the gross profit margin, so it's true that some of this company's internal review of some of the numbers we's review will certainly see what numbers are, even if it's in the range we want to know the reasons behind it, and that it is not in the next month or the next month we can address some of the problems we need to avoid. This is a simple thing to look at is whether some of China's low-cost dumping products will help the company reduce the amount of material to improve the current changes in the raw materials of the general manager, and I have to say a little that we see there is a cheap thing, but it doesn't mean that we are going to monitor their raw materials to come and say that it is not suitable for our products at this time I have to tell you that we are going to see Taiwan's chemical fiber really is not a simple amount of time to talk about the past, so I think we have a lot of Taiwan's chemical fiber above performance, it's not only from its specifications or prices can be seen above, so we will definitely evaluate this company is not to be together.

The first question is what percentage of the company's current capacity is. This is the first question. Therefore, we come to answer this question. The company's current capacity of the configuration of the countries, the fabric part, we produce about 1000 to 15 million yards. Taiwan and Vietnam, Taiwan 55%, Vietnam 45%, more or less of a range.

The rest is probably part of the Indonesian and Cambodian region. Well, then there is a question about the product. There is a linear question about the condition of the product portfolio in 2025, and I may not know what it means. So we would not have thought about the occupation of 2025, not the profit. If not, we would have to ask again. Is there a possibility for the product portfolio situation now?

The second is the U.S. Republican rule, whether or not the brand will reduce the demand for environmentally friendly clothing products. Therefore, we ask the general manager to answer. Well, I first looked at the product portfolio, I didn't compare the benefits from that, because just everyone explained. But I think there is a big direction in the company, and we will always look at the combination of the product from the perspective of comparison. For example, the proportion of complex products to the proportion of the general kamari, the middle proportion, we have always hoped that we can maintain a certain proportion of the complex product line.

So now we look at our own product line, a positive triangle, and we want to maintain a certain percentage of the high complexity above it. Then I want to enter the next year to 2025 or even 2026, I think this general direction is the same, we will not go completely to pursue the triangle bottom of those composite products. The question is whether the U.S. Republican rule for the industry to launch green carpet, I don't know if you don't see, I don't see, I don't see, I don't see this trend. Because many big brands in the last year or two years, probably have their own initiative, hoping to say that in a certain year physical year, it holds the proportion of green material, the proportion of the product has a certain degree.

So, textiles aren't always complaining about the world's second-largest blue industry. It's like this topic. I think you're a supplier too, and I think it's an important part of our own company. So we don't, even if they don't have that direction, the second is that we have our own direction.

Well, the next question is the AI edge device, which is the rise of AI edge devices, and the company has not developed wisdom 1 has become part of the edge AI. Please sit down, if wisdom 1, maybe two years later that wisdom 1, the answer here will not be me, the company has not developed wisdom 1 plan. I think this question has been asked several times before.

But we are basically in line with their needs to do some research and development. So wisdom 1 has a concrete plane, I clearly report to you, there is no, we are not, but we have a project to follow, but we have a concrete plane's stats, with digital or some digital transformation tools, let us put some of the internal strings into production of the efficiency above. From these two directions, it is true that, from the beginning of what I wanted to start in the past, our ERP system all the way through the chain up to our financial data or sales data, or production of the above data, there is a general framework exists. So how can we use these raw data to connect them first, and the second can have the tools from the background to do this mass data analysis, then this time can be linked to some of some of some of the very popular artificial intelligence tools we just talked about.

If you want to know more about the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the ship, of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the ship, we will also want to the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the ship, the future of the ship, the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future of the future

Another piece of information we all know is that U.S. U.S. U.S. U.S. U.S. U.S. USTR has proposed a ship that could be built or operated in China.

It is possible that the shipping company will take some relevant expenses, and it will cost a lot of money. This is a relatively long-term effect. That is, if the Chinese ship can not be transported, that is, to skip the United States, there may be more long-term shipping tensions that may occur. But so far, our main auxiliary shipping to Southeast Asia is better, but it is still to continue to pay attention to the war in the Middle East and the United States trade, above. Thank you for the detailed review of Hong Dong and Lin's Chief Financial Officer, we are now going to visit the site.

I am not sure if this is the case, but I am not sure if this is the case. I am not sure if this is the case. I am not sure if this is the case, but I am not sure if this is the case. I am not sure if this is the case. I am not sure if this is the case, but if this is the case, I am not sure if this is the case, but if this is the case, I am not sure if this is the case, I am not sure if this is the case.

If we can raise our hand right now, can we raise our hand? If we can raise our hand right now, please raise our hand if we need to, we will deliver the microphone to you. If you want to ask, I would like to ask, how can we understand that the sales share of that company was just coming to about 20 % vs 70% in the first quarter of the year?

Thank you. Do you just mean to say that the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the turnover of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the rotation of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the new proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the rotation of the rotation of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the rotation of the proportion of the rotation of the rotation of the rotation of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the rotation of the rotation of the rotation of the proportion of the rotation of the rotation of the rotation of the rotation of the proportion of the proportion of the rotation of the proportion of the rotation of the rotation of the rotation of the rotation of the rotation of the rotation of the proportion of the rotation of the proportion of the time, is actually looks of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the rotation of the rotation of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the rotation of the rotation of the time, and is actually looks of the proportion of the development of the development of the time, but the proportion of the development of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the time, but the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion of the proportion

Thank you so much for your interest in us, we just mentioned our new guests' occupation this year's goal is 12 to 18 and we've come to 13, so it's probably because the new guests will go to 18 to slow down, so it must be like coming in slowly and then repeating it, so we'll be able to feel the changes from the new guests of our little giant. If you still need to use the question form or raise your hand, please let us know.

The second is that I just don't know if the capacity of the fabric is correct. You just said that the capacity of the fabric is 1200 to 15 million kilograms full. Full red dot culture will use kilograms, how do I object, OK, I answered the second question well. This is the average horse weight I think about about 200 to 250, so simple you multiplied by 0.2 to 0.2 25, is the monthly kilogram capacity, so you can answer your question, can not watch, 1200 to 1500, horse then multiplied by the average horse weight, of course this average horse weight will be related to the season, simple say, the average horse will be a little bit lower, the average of autumn and winter will be some higher, so it will be 200 to 300 kilograms per mark, so simply multiply by 0.2 to 0.3, it will likely fall in his month of kilograms, that the good, that the next few, that is not much.

I believe that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, that, I believe that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, that, I believe that, that, that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, I believe that, that, I believe that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, that, I believe that, I believe that, I believe that, I believe that, that, that, that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, I believe that, that, I believe that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, that, I believe that, that, I believe that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, that, that, I believe that, I believe that, I believe that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, I believe that, I believe that, I believe that, I believe that, that, that, that, that, that, I believe that, that, I believe that, I believe that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, I believe that, that, that, that, I believe, that I believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that, believe, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that that that, believe, believe, believe, that that that, that that that that, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that, that, that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that, that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, believe, that, that, believe, that, that, that, that, believe, that, that, that, that, that, believe, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, I believe, that I believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, that that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that that that, that, believe, believe, believe, that that that that, that that, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, that, that, that, that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, that, believe, that, that, that, believe, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, believe, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that I believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, that, believe, that, believe, that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, that that that, that that that that, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, that, believe, that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, believe, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, I believe, that I believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that, believe, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that that that, believe, believe, believe, that that that, that that that that, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that, that, that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that, that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, believe, that, that, believe, that, that, that, that, believe, that, that, that, that, that, believe, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, I believe, that I believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, that that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that that that, that, believe, believe, believe, that that that that, that that, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, that, that, that, that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, that, believe, that, that, that, believe, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, believe, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that I believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe, believe that, believe, believe that, believe, believe, believe that, believe, that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, that, believe, that, believe, that, believe, believe, that, believe, believe, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, that that that, that that that that, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, believe, that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, believe, believe, believe, that, believe, that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, believe, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that that I believe, that I believe, that that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that that I believe, that I believe, that that I believe, that I believe, that that I believe, that, that I believe, that I believe, that I believe, that, that I believe that, that, that I believe, that, that I believe, that I believe, that, that, that I believe that, that I believe that I believe, that I believe, that, that, that, that I believe that, that, that, that, that, that I believe that I believe that, that I believe that, that, that, that, that, that, that I believe that I believe that I believe that I believe that, that, that I believe that, that, that, that, that, that I believe that I believe that I believe that I believe that, that, that, that I believe that, that, that, that I believe that, that, that, that, that I believe that, that, that, that I believe that I believe that, that I believe that I believe that I believe that, that I believe that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that I believe that, that, that, that I believe that I believe that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that I believe that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that I believe that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that

This is the reason why the Prime Minister has changed their orders? No, it is actually one of the reasons why. But I think the proportion should be right, and the proportion should be right, but it is not the main one? This fourth should not be the combination of the structure of the product, which is a larger reason. We have also seen that because the new product is because the proportion of new customers of small orders is actually a bit more in the fourth quarter.

This is one of the reasons why this Prime Minister has mentioned it before, is that small guests are good and bad part of the impact of the fourth quarter, then I am curious to say that this is the reason we have found later this improvement method or because it is because of the nature of the customer relationship, there is no way this can be done. It is later, it is only occasionally will happen, and then, of course, it is not the case, because if we go back to the product we did not do it before, of course, we want to say that the efficiency of the product we did not do it is not so well that we would have a team in the next time we have to do it.

Is there a high single at the moment? Is there a high single at the moment? Is there a high single at the moment? Is the largest guest in the region here? We say that the contribution to our revenue is right or wrong is that the growth of high single at the single beach is not better than his own low single dumb. The problem is that he was a little bit like a little transition last year and he has some new products to quit so we think that this year's growth rate at Crew will be better than last year?

This is because it is in fact after watching them from my point of view that they seem to be holding on to that number last year that we have grown more than I think comes from the kind of chase buy or not in his focus suddenly ask us to make some adjustments above the order, so I really have no way to have enough computer to answer that this year's chase buy situation.