Hello everyone, today we started the meeting, I am Jackie of the ocean, next to the cultural person Henry, thank you for giving us this opportunity, but this hour we will say that we will disclose some relatively simple information, but may be due to the change in time and space play, does not constitute the recommendation of trading stocks. First of all, I will be here for further analysis, and then Henry to tell us that some of our concerns about tariffs and practices, the company has been finished in the first quarter, basically does not meet our previous estimates, when the shipment volume is slightly increased compared to the previous one, probably added some of the main reason is actually the end of consumption or not good, affordable clothing may be afraid of inflation and tariffs, so the price of things sold is good. So in some early April some goods may be sold, low inventory, so he first pulled it out at the end of March.

In addition, we have increased the cost of some labor in the first quarter of last year, which is hidden, so that the price increase in the first quarter is similar to what we expected, so that the amount and price increase are similar to that of last year's comparison is good, so of course, in this so-called profit perspective, the performance of Maori is also looks like a bird spring is a good thing, which is the view of the current first quarter. This is the first time that we have come back to the first thing that is the middle consumption or running the customer's inventory level is relatively healthy. At this point, it is another 90 days of this tariff, so consumers want to say that he expect 90 days of the price will not be able to buy it, so it is said that the first part of the purchase can buy the right, so it is said that the two quarters of this reputation necessity here is still a consumption force, so we are talking about the two quarters of the tariffs are the same as the 10% of the tariffs have been agreed with the customers before, so a payment here is the contract, so we are now a complete collection, that we are the customer is FOB10FOB10 said that once the goods have been produced in the ship to the customer's ship, so we say that it is a contract with the two months of the same contract with the customer. So the client said that the third quarter of our client's message is now followed up, but now the card is a tariff because of the 90-day buffer of the 90-day buffer, what does it mean is that by the beginning of July, he will cross to the beginning of the third quarter, so the customer is also looking at the result of the tariff negotiation, he is not fast enough to confirm that this is the end of which is also to see which of the final which is to talk about a good tariff rate, so it is said that the third quarter of the order will slowly confirm until the beginning of May, so the third quarter will be more accurate.

Basically, this is a view of the current situation. Basically, we believe that the company's performance is still worth waiting for, and I think it is a little more beautiful than the same period. For this reason, it is not much of a problem. The impact on tariffs will not occur in the first half of the year.

First of all, let's start with the conclusion that we are afraid to say too much. We believe that there is no white lunch in the world, so in the current situation of tariffs, there is a place to get. For the second half of the year, whether it is revenue or gross profit, basically do certain conditions, the impact is not too big.

So that means that you have more flexibility to help him in his duties adjustment, to have higher inventory management capabilities, in exchange for you do not bear that so-called tariff, who to share this with. This is a conclusion that we are currently communicating with. Of course, if you ask me in detail, there must be some reasons why you are not at the stall here. So this is what we will explain again.

So if the tariffs are so high in some countries, it is certain that this will lead to the transfer of the order. Now it is happening, or even a big transfer at a time. So you can imagine that if 20% of the U.S. economy has no recession, your other countries have to grow at least twice as fast, so you can eat this 20%. So the total amount of orders as long as you are not in a high tariff area, the amount of orders is increasing. This is the first point.

The reason for the shortening is obvious, that is, because tariffs do not know which countries will improve the current situation. So the shorter it is, the more flexible it is, the faster it is to transfer. So it is now a strategy to reduce the number of short orders. This involves every major supplier, and I believe the long orders will decrease.

Because you want to pay taxes to pay for Rush order, Rush order is too cheap to look at it from a current point of view. So the current Rush order is rather advantageous. Just say whether or not it has happened now, because everyone is not sure which place is the tariff is definitely lower. Now we are still talking about it.

The second is that the localization of raw materials is becoming more and more important. Customers are demand, not hope. That is why demand is a significant increase in the proportion of your localization. Because the tariffs in a country that must be there are relative advantages, they are also in line with the current logic of a local sourcing. So it's probably more like the ratio of localization to more than 60 Percent in Vietnam, which may be increased to 80% or higher this year.

This does not include all of the countries, such as Indonesia, Bangladesh, all of which are in this direction, or an integration of a regional type. Therefore, localization procurement is also becoming more and more important. Of course, there is another option to use U.S. raw materials. U.S. raw materials will not necessarily give you any advantage in tariff imports, because there is some relationship to the U.S. value.

So whether or not U.S. raw materials can benefit from tariffs is a question. This is because it depends on whether the Trump team will continue some of the policies before Biden. But even if some of the policies before Biden continue, it is a relatively safe source of raw materials. So many U.S. cotton or something like that is not a bad thing.

Because now we just look at the export country, that is, if you are exporting Vietnam, it depends on this tariff in Vietnam, you use a raw material in other countries, there is no clear regulation to stop it, or let it increase the cost. But 90 days later it won't be so. So that's what we're talking about.

Even if you can't afford to use localized sourcing, you must use some relatively high-level raw materials to do so. Like Indonesia, its proportion of localized sourcing may be less than 50%, so some raw materials it can obtain may go to Southeast Asia, or some relatively low-risk places to buy. Try to reduce some of the potential sources of risk, so this is an adjustment for some of the current customers to the tariffs. So you can conclude that from what customers are doing to communicate with suppliers about this matter, because the consumption in the United States is often the same as saying that it may buy something cheaper and more expensive, so they don't think that the brand can fully offset the tariff.

As the difference between short orders and long orders is usually a 2% discount to 2.5% discount before long orders, so because the long orders do not, so the order is you, because the short orders are more, so it can also reflect that you just do a little faster, you do not have a so-called tariff impact, so this is a relatively favorable way to say that there is a way to do a fast response to the supplier. So this is what we just said is not white lunch, but you can take it at the price, you can serve it to his place, this is the one we are talking about, so the ocean is more convenient, because we have always been guided by speed, so at this moment, if the customer starts a short order, even to short orders, we do not think we need to put too much pressure on the current situation above the tariff.

This is obviously the previous operation, so it is not now the operation, so it is caused that the brand in the so-called Direct Inputters the order is shrinking very quickly, because there is no profit now available, so he may find more suppliers that he has already depended on in Southeast Asia or Asia. That is, I still do not know how to speed up the expansion of the capacity, or because the tariff is really not yet determined which country is relatively safe, so we think that we will take this opportunity to review the second half of the order, keep those high profits and some core customers' orders, then the order of non-core customers may be eliminated.

That is to say, a lot of moisture between them, dust, etc. is not suitable to do some accumulation of energy services, this is more difficult structurally, so why say you see how many years in Central America actually do sportswear, this technology must be broken through, so it is not easy to transfer.

We all know that the discount is a potential increase in the price, so we all know. So we think that the current customers are basically looking at the attitude, and do not expect to do too much early to do some of the disappointment or some decisions that may come later. That is, until the whole more clear after the change, it should be a good thing for some service providers, especially some special service providers, so we think that we are actually in a very conservative direction to interact with the outside.

So we now estimate for the second half of the year is a slight growth of this thing, we still think that the actual order opportunity is more, but we don't want to trade some action at the present time, which may lead to the possibility of the better thing after the later. Then the thing came back, because usually if in a short period of time really explosive growth, the profit and price of the monthly counter will usually be better, not just the spring banquet may be a Phoenix or something. So we are now to wait and see whether there is a Phoenix first, there is a Phoenix is this shortage is the first, which is probably the current situation, then we can also enter the Q&A.

The first half of the year is not much change, there may be some customers who have some early shipping, but it is also related to the climate, which is not much. As we said, you can save very little, because the export price of one piece of clothing and the retail price may be 4 to 10 times the difference, so you want to say that if the difference is about 6, 7 times 6, 7 times the 10% of the tariff is really not much. So no one to save this a lot of money to take the risk is that you say that a retail price of 50 dollars to sell when you can't sell it, you have to pay at least 7 fold or more or become a whole problem.

As we said, we are all standing on one condition to maintain our position, that is, we are a company in Southeast Asia, we are a very comprehensive company. It looks like South East Asia orders will change, but the cost will also increase, so now we have the position that we do not want to increase so much, but I want to because the order increase all the bad orders, I just want to use my favorite to ensure that the cost increase does not affect me.

So, we can basically fully meet the requirements of the customer, so that means that we can basically fully meet the customer's requirements, so that we can basically meet the customer's requirements. So, we have to make some adjustments to the purchase of an order in a designated area, because we don't have a factory in China. So that for us, we have to be very open to the department to adjust, so even if Vietnam is required to buy Chinese food, no matter what we don't have to bear that pressure on the site, the pressure will be on the field.

So we go to China to buy, so we go to China to buy, so we go to China to buy, so we go to China to buy, so we go to China to buy, so we go to China to buy, so we go to China to buy, so we go to China to buy, so we go to China to buy. Can you tell us what kind of customer requirements are? Last year we made it clear that all American brands basically for 2025 to buy for suppliers have a clear indication that these suppliers have the ability to have so-called Near Shore bid production. So it is not El Salvador, for the whole Central America, so you do not have this plant, basically you will be affected by this year's order, so the answer is basically all American brand customers have this kind of requirement.

The second half has nothing to do with the last one. So you can refer to what we talked about before, that is to keep up with the use of the right one no change. There may be a little bit of short expectations, but this should affect too little, and if there is something else, it should be behind, so it's time to make some adjustments.

Now that the whole supply chain is out of stock, everyone is out of stock. Maybe not here is the market now is out of stock or what. It is not possible because there may be some urgent shipping situation here in the electronics industry. But there may be some urgent shipping situation here in the electronics industry.

First of all, this probability should not be too large. Mainly because it is said that the current port corresponds to a real increase in exports. However, since the increase was more than last year, I believe everyone was going to refer to last year's shipping fee.

So you can think of a situation that is now a large amount of transportation but deferred. Take the plane with pure air, but basically the plane or on time to leave. Think about it. So we think it is that the guest you are talking about now is not asking you to ship early and tell you that you want to shorten the delivery process. So this is a concept of long-term preparedness.

He prefers to spend more money on what your rush order can be, rather than paying a short sum of money, and not saying it's time to pay this 30% or what suddenly becomes a tariff. That's clear. That's why we think this should continue until the tariff policy is fully determined. So it must be a long order decrease. A long order decrease usually means that there is not a trend that there is too much increase in the demand for containers.

So we believe that at least the current conditions of sailing are normal.

This is the most important thing to do in the world. The most important thing to do in the world is to get the most out of your business. It is important to know that you have the right to sell your business, and that you have the right to sell your business, and that you have the right to sell your products, and that you have the right to sell your products, and that you have the right to sell your products, and that you have the right to sell your products, and that you have the right to sell your products, and that you have the right to sell your products, and you have the right to sell your products, and you have the right to sell your products.

But the downside is that because it's so transparent, you can adjust the space is small, but it's not a bad thing to be transparent in the case of this tariff pressure is that anyway, how to at least wait for the whole situation is a better way to explain how we can do something that might be optimized or something else, but at the moment, such an integration method is a relatively good thing to do. Because often research means that we don't have enough capacity for this year's launch will be because of the changes in tariffs, and then say that we just said that we're going to do this. Because the expansion capacity of some things you can do in advance and then some things you can do later because the lid plant is not too capital intensive is your warehouse or this building can cover some EIA you can do, etc. You can follow the do but buy machine equipment recruiter training these three things can wait until we can do it again so we want to say that if you are talking about the lid plant or ask the government to do some EIA to ensure the safety of this or what to do as soon as possible.

So we think that we can keep this time, we can have a flexible at the moment, because you wait for only 90 days, do not need to wait for the next 90 days, we feel that it is a relatively insurance practice. Again, please ask because I may not have been updated recently, now we have the second half of the second half of the gross profit margin what is the direction? Then because just mentioned that we may need more short goods in the factory, sometimes we may because of the short goods relationship lead to production efficiency may sometimes be less ideal, so how to cope with the second half of the situation?

But if there is no problem in the boat, even if there is a lot of workload, this is not a big problem for us, that is, you can get up at 8am, 8pm to us, that will be done before work, as long as the compensation is enough profit, it must be very happy. So we think that this is not too much to worry about, and to say that it is not the same as last year the situation of 2021, is likely that the decline of the long bill started and then the increase of the short bill led to say that the possible short order may be more and more, by 2022, you see the start to stocking in 2022, when the short becomes super, this profit is very good. So we think that as long as to provide enough transparency and the number of orders that can be mastered, we are still happy to see this adjustment. If you do not want to know what is the best way to do it, or if you do not know how to do it, or if you do not know how to do it, or if you do not know how to do it, or if you do not know how to do it, or if you do not know how to do it, or if you do not know how to do it, or if you do not know how to do it, or if you do not know how to do it, or if you do not know how to do it, or if you do not know how to do it, or if you do not know how to do it, or if you do not know how to do it? The reason is that the cost is only a single consideration, there are many considerations, just said a humidity environment, with the climate stability.

This also affects the stability of the cloth. This leads to a quality that says the last output. Asia is the right place to do these things. Because the environment in Asia is actually the right thing to do. So this is not to say that it is easy to move to the United States.

You have to overcome it. And it has taken a lot of experience. As a result, you transfer something that you add to your own. You can see that you actually see that even in China made clothing is also a Western industry. It is not their strategic goal.

So, don't say they don't want to do that either. They want semiconductors, cars, new energy, and some industries that are more strategic. The clothes are always the most labor force, then the cost is relatively advantageous, and then make a stable place to move. After you understand this, you won't worry too much about saying that the U.S. will rob the workers of the United States of America again great into the people of sewing clothes.

That's a relatively low price. That's not to say that uh would be a job for a new client. Because we both have clients that should be turned out, some of the products that stay in some countries still have so-called high tariffs are very high-end things that people imagine are different. Because uh orders have been moved to these places in Southeast Asia for years.

That said, it's easy to say that you're doing more expensive things in Southeast Asia or that people in Southeast Asia can't do these two things. If the low added value was taken away by Bangladesh long ago by the Indian Sri Lanka who was robbed of that person, then more and more, the er is good at doing clothes right there. So if the add value is low, there is no technology that has been doing this for years.

So we thought we should have a chance to get this piece of erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic erotic

So we think that moving or moving is the right thing to do, but it is not possible to evaluate the impact of this movement. Therefore, guests are very careful that they are not willing to talk about this thing, but from our point of view, it is that as long as this urgency to a certain degree or more to move, or just to say that the best place to move, where to undertake how much technology to undertake, etc., this is still in communication. Because everyone must choose the best place, it is not always possible to think about that Indonesia after 90 days, but suddenly this is not a waste of 90 days, so everyone has a consensus is that the move is right, but it is probably waiting for the strategy to decide which direction to move this is to talk about.

This is why we believe this shift is definitely much easier than most electronic industries. It's just that the one who doesn't have the time to know exactly which one is the right fit. So now we're all playing it. Well, if we're all going to stop paying taxes this year, we're going to increase the cost of this last year. Because the biggest fluctuation in Southeast Asia this year is salary. Because the recruitment process is increasingly difficult and this payback service is relatively high this year. But we've adjusted a wave of salary at the end of last year.

So there is no extra cost for this year. So we have to look at the last two issues that we open up about the time. Well, because the time is almost the same, we have to open the last two problems. First, let's ask the question because uncertainty is very high, the distribution of the second half of the year is the next dividend rate will be very high, and we tend to adjust eh basically according to the logic of the past, that we don't want to put too much extra money in our hands and haven't explicitly used the method of effective use. So if we don't see the obvious opportunity, or try to return to shareholders with the logic of the past is what we're going to do.

So that can be the tendency to say that if the second half of the year looks at the probability, or if the eh may open the photo without too much change, it should be back to shareholders. Just mention that the industry is now at 60% of the open eh where you bought it, the eh you mentioned just now in other parts of the region where you bought it, if you say that this year these areas are open to 60% of the public.

In fact, it is impossible to be in Vietnam. In just three years it has grown to more than 60%, which is a data from last year, so it must be around 80% this year. If you want to say that you have increased this ratio, as long as you are working over an hour a day, this output is not too big a problem.

Now that it's almost half over, maybe more than seven percent, there's nothing too much to worry about. It's that Vietnam already has enough capacity to localize, and there's a lot of capacity to provide global services. Well, thank you.