SMIC Electric Machinery Co., Ltd., the legal entity will officially start. First of all, we invite you to the introduction of South China Yongchang Securities Co., Ltd., Deputy General Manager Chen Wenyu. We welcome you to invest in advanced arrival, and also thank you to the CEO of SMIC Electric Machinery Guo, their spell club, held in South China Yongchang here.

First of all, we would like to thank you for your participation in the SMIC Law Society. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to you on behalf of South China Yongchang Securities. During the past year, with the recent changes of the global economy President Trump's speech, SMIC continues to be a solid forward, and they are committed to the core business of power equipment, smart energy, and green energy technology.

At the end of the day, we believe that SMIC has a solid foundation and its professional management team, as well as favorable conditions for market trends. SMIC will continue to create value to give back to investors and the community. We will also uphold the concept of stable operation to meet the changes and challenges of the market.

This is the first page that SMIC will see every presentation. The only place where you can see that our revenue is actually more than 15% higher than last year, so this is the biggest joy of SMIC. Of course, we will say that such a growth source is not just a reactive power, and we will show you the fact that we have a significant growth in various industries. First of all, let's take a look at the company's corporate governance, a success on electronic devices, and last year we have mentioned that we have to apply for certifications on both ISO 37001 and TIPS, and we have created a new process at the end of the year. 37001 is anti-bribery management, TIPS is an intellectual property right, two certifications get, in addition to the recognition of SMIC's ESG, and in addition to the fact, we have really helped a great deal with our foreign business.

In addition, we can see that we have become an A-level manufacturer, so there are some shadows and shadings in the past, I think we can forget that this is a single event 10 years ago, in the current SMIC is a good manufacturer, we are a A-level company. Why I just mentioned a hope and future expectations in wind power, because we, in the public engineering gold award, we have won the gold award in the 24th, five years in a row, this is a very large one is recognized in the execution of the project. In addition to hydro power generation, we also have a lot of achievements and success, including Lanyu, green island, these two cases, can be completed this year, after the end of the entire power market, there are 36 units, which are a direction for the future project.

In addition to the hydroelectric power generation, we also have a lot of achievements and success in the offshore power generation, including Lanyu, Green Island, these two cases, about this year can be completed, after the completion of the whole power market, there are 36 units, waiting to build, these are the future direction of SMIC electric power project. In addition to hydroelectric power generation, we will probably mention the strong grid plan can be detailed, but please remember that there is a big plan called energy development plan, what is the energy development plan, in addition to solar power power power generation, wind power is already in the course of the fire, it needs to develop other power sources, and what is left in Taiwan. 3, I think it is also a good idea to wipe the gun, and I hope that next year we should also, should also have a good performance.

Also see here is about to mention, 7. 3 now point 4. 6 yuan, in the past a dividend situation is about 60% or more, this is the proportion of other businesses as a whole, we can see that heavy electric power is about to maintain 70%, other businesses have growth in the case, about the proportion is not backward, although the whole profit situation is still better, this is the profit rate, not the gross profit rate.

But the other business is also good, so the overall profitability of the company is about 18%, and then with a more detailed description, you can see that in 2013, the combined revenue is about 256 billion, which is more than 15% growth in 2012, in the power business group, now in March, we have traded 3.5 billion, this year's target, without wind power, I hope to get 200 billion, this 20 billion orders in fact, complement our hand orders, now it is about 393 billion, if it is a 1.5 billion, I think there is no problem in the next two years, plus this year's goal to get 200 billion, so you can see the next three years, it is no problem. So, ZTE is actually every business is on the rise, the whole risk of you can rest assured that there is no single risk problem, and in the air conditioning above we have developed a so-called magnetic pavement centrifugal host, this ice water machine is mainly used for large customers, such as a large building, Taoyuan airport, or MRT, because he does not have friction, he does not need to add lubricants, so his electric energy saving can reach 30% to 40%, which is ZTE is a new product, that is currently working with the industrial industry, the industrial industry he is he is with with, if this national team, because only a number of manufacturers to go up and down cooperation, this national team if you can to Southeast Asia development, we are also looking for an air conditioning one new product can have the opportunity to export.

In addition, in a light energy business, light energy business in the entire market, the international perspective, although still hot, every country is developing light energy, but because of the cost of the problem, I think he will be delayed, but in Taiwan our light energy development company, has now got, should be said to be light energy bus bar, we cooperate with Taiwan's largest bus company to develop light energy bus, has got his order, we expect this year, that this unit should be by 2025, it is not just spending the unit, he will be at least started to see a promising unit, and that in the focus work, I want to say just our business, business development is clear, and also, I think it is optimistic, how I want to undertake such a business, how we should be in Costum to do better, so that. So now I want to say that it is not to be a big power AI. Now that we are only light, index part, all kinds of cheese, bottle simulation out, we put it in production, bottle briefing customer service, etc., all of these let it can be digitized, I can say, is included our internal customer service, so-called internal customer service is what, many people ask their accounts, when their travel expenses are sent, how much budget can be used, I will use AI to answer later, he directly to the database to grasp the data, direct with the database information to answer this question, I can reduce a man, and the man I don't say no, AI is cooperation, now in Taiwan is now rarely fatal situation, I appreciate every employee of our company, this part of the expenditure, I expect to be in the end of the year, our information unit, now I've been forced to, they call, no way, they, this is not a thing as soon as necessary.

In terms of RPA, you hear, you know, hmmm. vive ang doesn't do it, can do a demo, such a college, I think I don't care a lot, I think my crowd, i, consel struggles, focus, also, Devote google, Owner, constructor, that person. I also see how we make use of AI in the process.

In addition to this, we have also completed the construction of a warehouse of 1880 pings, which can allow us to increase our capacity by 20% in 2025. Of course, we also need to obtain a license, they told me that we should get it at the beginning of April.

After 2026, I don't care about the new plant and the new warehouse so-called hardware investment, and the new building investment, hardware capital expenditure to improve the productivity of our colleagues, I hope that with automation or AI to improve the efficiency of such a practice, I hope to increase the 15% to 20% of the production efficiency, reduce the burden of our colleagues, and improve the service of our colleagues.

In addition, in the multi-tasking training of people, Taipower now has a trend, in the past, investors may ask you, how much of your equipment is shipped, how much is your project, but now Taipower has its own way, there are some changes, are all packaged by the way, so why I just said, I want to take 20 billion cases this year, but in fact, it is not much, because they are all packaged projects. That's why Taipower package engineering, in fact, is also a convenient and responsible ownership, more clear, ZTE took this package, is responsible for the whole packaged responsibility, that we just introduced by ZTE, our ability is no problem, so this is we need manpower training, in addition to manufacture, you have to go to the site to use, how to assemble the equipment, this part we have started training manpower. This is the automatic welding of ZTE, why no one wants to do automatic welding for GIS, because the parts are customized, small and long, you want to do automatic welding that very high cost, but I found this company, he is willing to try this for us, it is a simple reason because of the entire infrastructure, the needs of the entire GIS, a large growth, he will help ZTE to build this equipment, his own performance may grow, we take a look at this, this is the GIS main bus bucket, the current mechanical arm can only be weld a circle, we want to weld a circle, because it must be tight, so we can only weld a circle, but in the future, June this system comes in Taiwan, through our training, I hope to reach our goal, we sold three rings, even inner diameter can also solder, so that our production 24 hours, now our production line is our welding is the biggest bottle bottle bottle bottle bottle is only 8 hours.

As we tell him what to do, he will slowly follow up to achieve our goal, we are happy to see, if you are interested, to our company can look at, has completed this robot arm, it is the US CAPI, it can help us, this is a tank, JIS there will also be a tank, it has a small corner on it, then there is a circle cover, there is a MOS type, or L type of horn, all of which must be welded to finish, there is also a circle soldering, there is a circle soldering, there is a circle soldering, that is a circle soldering. This is the only thing we can see, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, we will not a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, we can we will be seen, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, this is a new product, we will, we will, we will, we will, we will be the next, we will be the next, we will be a new product, we have a new product, new, we have, we will, we will, we will be the new product, the next, we will be the next, this, the next, this, we have a new product, we will be the next, this, the next, we will be the next, we will be the next, the next, the next, the next, the new product, the new, the new, the new, the new, the new, the new, the new, the new, the new, the new, the new, If you are looking for a new product or service that is suitable for you, you may want to purchase a new product or service that is suitable for you. If you are looking for a new product or service that is suitable for you, you may want to purchase a new product or service that is suitable for you. If you are looking for a new product or service that is suitable for you, you may want to purchase a new product or service that is suitable for you. If you are looking for a new product or service that is suitable for you, you may want to purchase a new product or service that is suitable for you. 2 trillion to 2 trillion yuan, right, 2 trillion yuan, most of the grid, in order to solve their own electricity distribution imbalance problem, they want to network between the island and the island, there is a connection between the island and the island is involved in transmission and power distribution, as long as the transmission and distribution, it must have a protective switch device to a node, it can not let you go a line to the end, that risk is too high.

There may be problems with A points. B points also have problems. So the middle needs some protection switch. So this connection is our opportunity. So why do Japanese manufacturers constantly ask us to keep the capacity for them.

Just mentioned is a new product from the central electrician. Air conditioning products. This is a new product. It belongs to the suspended savage air. This we have done. And sometimes.

It is also used in the Taoyuan International Airport market. Of course, we want to promote to all corners of Taiwan. That is to say, follow the industrial industry to follow our upstream and downstream such a team to go to Southeast Asia.

That cost is not much higher than the original airplane cost. It is very competitive. I'm going to say this very simple. It's the light energy that we originally had, in fact, its entire development is backward. But here in Taiwan we developed the light energy bus. In the current situation of the Taiwan government, light energy bus is probably the first step.

One of the first ones to be promoted is a light energy bus. We also followed this step. And the other one is that you need a light energy bus, of course, you have to be from light so our light energy bus has to be a light weight machine that we have developed to 200 kg. It is stackable. It is like a battery stack that keeps new energy on top of our light energy bus.

It is also very clear that there are customers in the Taiwan market who have also sent the same order with the customer. So I say that this unit should have the opportunity to have the level of this year. It's probably a problem when I fell down. The last thing I can tell you is that it's a graph of Morgan Stanley.

It's probably a good idea to use this as a final point to say that the entire power supply is that every country in the country is developing their power. In addition to Taiwan, ZTE has to go to the United States to report here. If you have any questions, you can ask.