



This year, we started from Japan and Germany in Singapore, USA. They have extended their factory plans overseas. We are also in line with their factory plans. There are our power distribution units and transformers to go overseas. In fact, our exports are also significantly improved. The second one is AI.

There will be some business opportunities in the future. We actually do. We also did a lot of IDC machine room for that Chunghwa Telecom. It accumulated some experience. In fact, it is IDC machine room. It actually has a lot of international norms and standards.

It is actually.

Looking for a few of our colleagues to meet. Because he can't soar. That is, when the power was soaring, of course, he was playing the division now. He just heard that the division also did it for a long time. It's bad for him to be judged for three years. Because the procedure of that court is going to take a long time.

So of course this part of him can't soar. It may be the amount of electricity he needs or the amount of electricity he needs. It may be that the rest of the people can't do that, because he still has his construction or can't stop.

We overlap with him. It should be that the transformer has some transformer pairs. When we hear about the 10% tariffs elsewhere, the view of the other counterparts on the tariff is from the newspaper, which sounds like you should be more clear than me. Morning seems to be that the impact on us is not too much 10% of the impact it is not too much.

So the U.S. last year was only 2% less. That's how our company is small. Do you think there will be a chance for that to go up? Your price increase is greater than 10%, and it shouldn't be that easy.

It's not easy to have a lot of charge with the owner. He should be pretty, especially for the most of us. It's very unlikely that you want to get an excess of profits through this kind of CLP response. Is there any product certification in other countries where our CLP equipment has been completed? It's like some of the countries in Indonesia in Europe where the C-Mart has been certified at the time of the mid-voltage voltage in Europe.

It seems to him that we have tested 13 of them, 10 of which have been tested, or even 3 of which have been tested in the past two months. But it is like a semiconductor plant that has received some order pairs. It is not in the country to say that they did not buy from us until the largest semiconductor plant in the country. Then he has a lower-pressure order this year.

This is why this new order is received? Because they want to have some medium pressure and can also be obtained from the domestic industry. They all take the part of the European system, but the price is also higher because of the import price. If there is a situation, no one is more or less a service will be shorter.

Because the demand for the grid is too old for his new one to be right. And now he feels like his construction is accelerating. So next year's scanda will be more likely than a few years, but he still has to open the bid. Because now some of the foreign companies in the industry have to come in to compete. That in part of the idc, how can we reverse the projection of the 24MW device capacity and the size of the project. If the 24 billion then divide by 24 and 17 then divide by a point of 14MW.

This may not be the way it looks. Because Banqiao is a resource that is more convenient to get it, he may have the whole construction and the resources to get it there. So although he may be small but does not seem to be proportional to the capacity of the device for his power generation or the device capacity for his overall project, we can't see it like this.

Because there are three other cases in which if you say an average of 500 million, he probably has a slightly higher capacity. Because AI's machine room, because he uses his computer's computer's power supply, so the budget is also larger. The last question is whether we are working with Delta's storage cabinets, is this only a cloak of energy? Is there a chance for something like a server?

<think> Well, the user gave me a task to help sort the transcription into paragraph-based transcription. First, I had to take a closer look at the specific requirements of the user. The user emphasized that nothing can be deleted, rewritten or condensed, only can adjust the punctuation and line changes, merge sentences of the same subject, and add some connection symbols, such as commas, periods, if necessary.

For example, starting with discussing the application of UPU products and the possibility of future cooperation, then a question about revenue ratio, then a detailed data analysis, and finally a discussion about orders and customers. Then, I combine sentences based on the topic. For example, the part of the UPU product can be combined into a paragraph. Then, the question and answer about revenue ratio can be divided into several paragraphs, each section discusses the data of an industry.

Finally, about the order and the customer's discussion, also divided into several paragraphs to ensure that each paragraph does not exceed 6 sentences. When adjusting the punctuation point, I will pay attention to the consistency of the sentence, add commas and sentences appropriately, to avoid the sentence look interrupted. At the same time, make sure to use the Chinese full-form punctuation point, such as ". ",",","!", etc.

In this way, users can get a clear, easy-to-read paragraph type transcription. Assuming products such as UPU, this part of the current word seems to be used for energy storage, because the size is still large, the volume is more large. Is there a future to consider working with them, and then into the electronics industry? Is this part of the statement, because this part is not currently, there is no plan or idea, there is no plan, there is no plan, no plan, no plan, no plan, no plan, thank you.

The first half of last year's electricity power plant was more than a quarter, the first half of this year only recognized the portion of take home, YY should be about 5 to 10%, should be at least 5%. In the first half of the year, that year's electricity will account for nearly 30% of revenue, because the second half of this year's electricity will be more than two hundred percent, so this year's total electricity revenue will be more than more than two hundred percent, two additions will be more than half. The public works, public works should be at least 10%, because the public works are light, orbits accounted for a lot.

If you want to know more about the GIS, you can say that the GIS is the same as the GIS. If you want to know more about the GIS, you can say that the GIS is the same as the GIS. If the GIS is the same as the GIS, you can say that the GIS is the same as the GIS. If the GIS is the same as the GIS, then you can say that the GIS is the same as the GIS. If the GIS is the same as the GIS is the same as the GIS, the GIS is the same as the GIS. If the GIS is the same as the GIS is the same as the GIS, the GIS is the same as the GIS is the GIS. If the GIS is the GIS is the GIS, the GIS is the GIS is the GIS, the GIS can say that the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS. If the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is more than the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS. If it is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS, it is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the only only only only only only only GIS. If it is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS. If it is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS, it is the GIS, it is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS, it is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the only only only only only only only only only only GIS. If it is the GIS GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS, it is the GIS, it is the GIS. If the GIS is the GIS is the GIS, it is the GIS, it is the GIS is the GIS is the GIS is the

So if I want to sort the gross profit margin, then it's bigger than the power supply, so it's better than the power supply. So if I want to sort the gross profit margin, then I'm going to do that.

It may seem a little higher, but it's time to look at some of the product skins. Understand that there are also a few. Is the half-old body and the Taipower above our current average? Can you say that? Yes, yes, it's true. Home made products are generally higher than our average.

I understand that only public works have some, right, because a lot of it is outsourced and then managed, so that part of the profit is a little less. Well, thank you, in general, that's the case.

Yes, thank you, it is. But this is to match their mindstorm, because many of them have their checkpoint, in fact, we should actually work more than 150, right, just wait for their checkpoint, they checkpoint, they can all. Director, I can ask you, what do we mean is how much do we have to takehold gross margin transition rate? The stakehold gross margin is classified into general works, which is a little lower than 10 to 15%.

Do you see this part of the advantage? Do you see that if you speed up the build, your gross profit will not go up again? Because if this project accelerates the build, the cost should decrease in the past, right, is there some fixed time to shorten it, you can squeeze a little profit, maybe, but not much. Because for a long time, your original four-year project is basically three years to complete, yes, there is compression, there is some compression. If I add a idiom should be more than one or two percent, but we are more conservative, we are the first to catch, then the real settlement, there is a chance that is not right.

Yes, there is an opportunity. If there is a difference in the settlement, the settlement will appear in a public statement difference, right. That time is almost the same, do not know that they have advanced questions to ask. Should ask the exchange rate part, and then announce, the exchange rate part, because we also have to consider that our receivables in our hands are almost $950 million, and that the amount payable is about $2000 to 2500.

Hello, thank you, thank you, thank you. Well, I think we have a short discussion here today, if you have any further questions to continue to communicate, the director should be here.