Welcome to the Jiangshan Industrial Co., Ltd. Phenomenon Law briefing session. The present representative is the general manager of Zeng Zhi. The tonight's speech process will be based on the results of the operation report and then exchange time between QA.

Today's legislature took part in the legislature of Jiangshan Corporation. That's how we first asked our financial manager, Mr. Chen Yiyu, to do a simple business report. Before that, he was called on by Mr. Chen because he had been retired this year.

I am Mr. Chen Yiyu from Jiangshan Industry. I welcome you to participate in the first quarter of 2025. First of all, the statement of the company should be made, please refer to it first. In this section of the conference agenda, the results of the operation of the company in 2024 and the first quarter of 2025.

This part is for you to read. Then we'll look at the key operating performance highlights for 2024 and Q1 of 2025. That's the first review of the sales performance for 2024. In 2024, Taiwan's automobile market sold 45.8 million vehicles, which lost 4% that year.

While the annual revenue declined by 9% year-on-year, the net profit of the company was 546 million yuan, the net profit of the period was 320 million yuan, and EPS4.12 was still at normal level. The chart is based on the revenue and profitability of nearly five years, and you can refer to the consolidated profit table. In the first quarter of 2025, the revenue was 277 billion yuan, the investment revenue was 53.7 million yuan, and the net profit was 587 million yuan, and the first quarter EPS was 0.8 yuan.

Transportation grew by 21%. Please also see the first quarter of the year. The revenue in the first quarter of 2025 decreased by 10% from the year before, the main reason is that the customer's car price is temporarily suspended, and the parts in Southeast Asia are converted to local production, which affects sales and the overall market demand of Taiwan, and then the order decreases.

In the first quarter of 2025, we look at the total financial situation of Johnson company. The total assets of the company are $5.25 billion, the total cash of $7.5 billion, the total debt of $7.9 billion, the total equity of 51.3.5 billion, and the net value of each share is $69.96.

According to the company's current financial assessment, the cash water level is similar to last year, and the balance ratio continues to decline, which shows that the operation and capital transfer are in good condition. The company's soundness. Well, then, the cash dividend distribution status in 2024. After the close of Johnson's 2024, we planned to find a cash dividend of $3.1, which accounted for 75%. If the stock price announced on March 7, our yield rate would be about 5.1%.

Well, last but not least, into the future. And there's another general manager. Hello, I'm going to add this to the situation later. I just started talking about the part of the investment that I'm going to invest in. Some of the revenue in Guangzhou is really affected, because the previous mainland performance was not good, and it's probably all known. But because the first quarter was affected by the Trump tariff, it was said that the foreign North America and Mexico part was affected.

However, the decline is not much, but it is good to see that the whole of his practice of reducing costs did well in this regard. So it is also gratifying to see that in fact, his profit did not drop, or even should grow, after all, because the current situation seems to be between the US and China, and now the place where I teach them is said to be a little more relaxed. So the diplomatic part of Mexico should not continue to fall again, plus the entire export of Japan's currency, this part is also expanded. So the second half of the year is expected to be more stable.

The first quarter of the Xiangyang part, I just saw that, in fact, the first quarter performance is not very good, because the first quarter is still a small loss of a situation, mainly because of this small loss of a situation, in fact, the main loss of one because of the whole mainland market, because it mainly to do domestic sales as the main, so the whole mainland market does not say that it is not obvious is a trend, so it is actually a wave of layoffs this year, a wave of layoffs. So, in fact, it has made a wave of layoffs in this year, a wave of layoffs, so it is a loss of the first quarter.

Overall profit throughout the second half of the year, the overall profit, the whole view, should have one or a small profit, will not lose. At present also actively in the development of export, not only Europe, our Japan is also a very important area, the auxiliary part of it is actually a lot of growth this year.

In addition, it recently received a large European car factory, a big car factory a battery box global order, this volume is a lot, about the second half of the year should have started a small shipment, this part is currently being evaluated to be a major cause of expansion, this should be a very important reason, this should be a very important reason, because if the case is able to complete success, the whole is possible, regardless of the continent's market electric vehicle market will not change, a slight decline will not be affected, because the order is large.

If you are looking for a high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, low-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, low-quality, high-quality, low-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality,

This is the ratio of gross profit, this is the ratio of gross profit to gross profit, I asked the manager to answer that, our individual gross profit is less convenient, but in principle, we estimate that the first quarter of this year should be about 700 to 800, about 700 to 800, about the next year is over 800, we expect to see more than 1000, because the whole bus should be stable in the second half of the year, so we can only say that if my gross profit structure will have a lot of relationship, if it is a large car or electric bus, then the proportion of gross profit will be high, in principle, so to say that large cars, large frame and electric bus to us is relatively large, I can only say that.

Exporting to North America should say that North America is less than 10%, I'm about 10 to 10%, Mexico is a little bit more, Mexico I remember a little more, but I remember all the exports were added in 10 percent, but mainly North America and Mexico are a little more than some of Japan, I think it's probably about 40% of this. Oriental Nissan design in China should ask the Guangzhou people profit growth? I'm sure it's a good decrease in revenue, so we've said we've strengthened it a lot, because it's not only now, because we've done a lot in the last few years we've done a lot in this Costum.

In addition, Guangzhou's equipment has been invested for a long time, so also the stall has returned to Xiangyang do not want to perform. So now the stall is not finished, but Guangzhou has some major stalls to end, which is also one of the main reasons for his profit growth. Again, ask the hu did not mind, 2025's outlook.

He grew a lot more than our first goal, because mainly the growth of the Linde era is not only the growth of the millennium to the Linde era, because he is the supplier of the battery box of the main Linde era, so the Linde era growth is followed by the growth. So, because he did better, so many volunteers in the first industry he would be Linde era to do it, so this is also one of the main reasons for his family's growth.

So there are some self-owned brands we all have to pick up. Just to tell you that Ilui is mainly a major customer of the Guangzhou area. There are some Beijing autos, these are Japanese-style brands that should be slowly declining. It will fall, but the export part is now more diversified, because like Guangzhou in the past, we are also adjusting this part because we are also starting to connect with the South-Eastern part of Japan.

In addition, part of Europe we give it to the person who gave it to Xiangyang. Because the domestic sales part of Xiangyang is really too heavy, we say that the export part of Europe slowly to Xiangyang is mainly this way. GaTL of the number of major suppliers, this I answered, but I should know that it should be the first three, it should be the first three. Because it is very close to GaTL, because he is in the Fuzhou area of GaTL, he is very close, so it should be the first three.

In the fourth quarter, though I don't see the expected amount of customers, but I feel that the part of the electric bus will grow. In addition, if there is mass production, the 4th quarter should be better than the 3rd quarter, under the premise of this assumption. Yes, I can provide the percentage of revenue of this brand, which is the European brand, and now I don't have this information at hand. Guangzhou, basically I know Guangzhou, basically I know that the Japanese brand and independent brand in the domestic part is about 50. But mainly the Japanese brand is the main brand, independent brand I think he is the main customer, but the future is in Guangzhou.

In addition, like most of the Xiangyang, there is another VLW. The language of VLW in China is also mainly in the organization of Xiangyang. This is probably the case, because I do not have any detailed information on the hand, so I can not answer this question. The Hawaiian Menjing Emperor is stable, not because the Hawaiian Menjing Emperor is mainly the chassis, he actually the extent of the entire continent in the electric part of the bus is very high.

So this is why he's been doing it for a long time. The main reason for this is that he's been relatively stable. Come on, make sure he's mythol, right. We know that the second former name is kneada, and it's a steディ, right. He's what I don't need, and I'm determined that I want to have 600 in the first year, and I want to have 600 in the next year.

So, this amount is going to be higher, because the whole of Taiwan's single container shelf holds tens of thousands, and he must eliminate the fixed amount every year. So this amount is what I think I'm looking forward to, but this is another effort. So, what is the current annual production of Fuzhou Hu Xiao? In fact, Fuzhou Hu Xiao is currently not looking at capacity, because he is different from each line.

So the current factory is not enough, he has now four factories. Recently the board of directors will pass, to set up the fifth factory. Because I just talked about the order received a large European factory, this does not have the existing equipment factory is not able to correspond. So there will be expansion. It should also be clear that it is already found that the target factory is already leased or sold, I can only say that.

If you don't have a problem, we're here today. If you have a problem with this privately, welcome to call us. We can answer one by one, European orders are multi-line, right. Orders in Europe are like this, this part is like this, this part is this.

<think> Well, the user gave me a task to help sort text into paragraphs. First of all, I have to take a closer look at the specific requirements of the user. The user emphasizes that nothing can be deleted, rewritten or condensed, can only adjust the punctuation and line change, merge sentences of the same subject, add some connection symbols if necessary, but can not add new content.

In addition, if there is a speaker identification, to keep. Well, first of all, I want to understand the content of the transcripts provided by the user. It seems to be about the battery assembly of a large European factory, involving CATL and Fuzhou. The content is somewhat fragmented and needs to be merged into a natural paragraph, each paragraph of 3 to 6 sentences, subject change paragraphs. Next, I need a sentence analysis to see which sentences can be merged. For example, the first few sentences are in the position and situation of the battery assembly, which can be combined into a paragraph.

In the process of processing, pay attention to the adjustment of the mark, such as the end of the sentence plus the comma to connect the relevant sentence. At the same time, make sure that no information is missing and keep the original intention. Finally, check if there is a speaker identification, if any, to be retained, but in this case it does not appear to be. After finishing the finishing, read again to ensure smooth and natural, without omissions or errors.

This is the European big factory, his battery is not assembled in CATL, but assembled in his own factory. He wants to mainly as long as he has the battery box. Although the part of CATL introduces the wrong, but mainly in Europe, this big factory directly corresponds to that Fuzhou five-ring, because in the end we will be directly handed over to the mainland because of the use of it.

He has a domestic sales and export, he has a domestic sales because this European truck factory also has a factory in mainland China, and a factory in mainland China. Other parts of the overseas he has to export to Germany. I just mentioned that I went to Germany, you can guess that, you guessed that. Is there a problem with the online bill to be updated? Well, if not, we can finish it today.

Hello, thank you very much for the reply from the general manager here, so today we will go to the first paragraph of the law, thank you all for your participation.