We welcome you to join us for the first season of the webinar. The first is to introduce today's presenter as Chief Financial Officer. The session will be divided into two parts, and the first part will ask the Chief Financial Officer to update the company's recent operating status, and then exchange the QA for the Chief Financial Officer. Thank you.

The Chief Financial Officer wants to unmute you. That's what it sounds like now. Good luck to you all. That's what we're doing today for Green Energy, an online speaking session for the first quarter of 114 this year. That's because we've been doing our first quarterly online speaking session for about a year and a half, and I'm talking about this legal person.

In the past few years, we have been looking at the whole direction of our operations. It is quite consistent and stable. That is, this piece of our original electric power, and the green energy is the part of the solar energy, these two. Then we have this, coupled with that we have a subsidiary is the part of the creation and creation.

Now I'm going to start with a description and a report with you. That part is a basic piece of green energy. Basically, it's similar to what you've reported before. Our capital is now 500 million, such a capital. The main product is also the main service, which is the so-called EPC, which is the part of solar energy, generally the so-called helper's replacement, and the investment in solar power plants.

In addition, the transmission and distribution system of heavy electric power is one of the so-called original products of some motors. Generally speaking, we are called equipment. The current operation of the base is in Tainan, which has the Tainan head office, which has the administrative administration, and the collection of state affairs in Taipei.

This is why we have a subsidiary in Tainan and the headquarters is located here in Tainan. This time we have to break down the electric motor business, and we all have that power distribution plate, that is, it is one. Last year about two and three years, a product is a major contribution to the revenue of shipping. Then again, it is GIS, the GIS has been relatively small in the past.

In the future, in addition to the power distribution plate and transformer, we will be more likely to have a different order than the previous one, this product. In the power supply equipment, we are calculated that there has always been more than the voltage than the current series of reactors, this is what has been done. Just to say, this is a single project, is a relatively small amount, about 50 million, each project is about 50 million.

If there are some, because there are a lot of people in the room, some companies or he will sell his solar power plant to home or dispose of it. So the design of the company will be in the form of the company, is to sell the equity. So in general, it is usually outside the market is also in this way in the design and doing business in a way. Then again, the EPC part is that we have, we help the house cover. So, about 106 years ago, we started to rent the house with this help, and it seems to rent in addition to help, they also invest in more solar power plants.

This is the first part of the solar system. It is the first part of the solar system. It is said that it is a manufacturer's cover, which is usually the so-called follow-up maintenance, the whole operation of the maintenance, will be done by the original manufacturer, because after all, it is more familiar.

If it is on the 45th day, it is 41M. That is, in this case, at the far left of the Sale to TPC, that I am selling electricity now is a bit like the so-called commercial transfer concept of people, that is, I have already sold electricity to the station, about 36M. If 36M is generally used 1M, the contribution of the year is about 5 million, so if the 36M is multiplied by 5 million, the contribution of the year is likely to be at least 100 million.

The 41M word is that we should look at next year or next year, should be next year, the contribution of the whole year, in the sale of electricity revenue can have, can stand about 200 million, so that should be a fixed, stable revenue revenue more than that, because it also has a fixed gross profit, about 30 to 40% of it, because each case, its equipment depreciated stall, and maintenance conditions, so we should be about 30% to 40%, is that in the case of manufacturing, is not good, this revenue is a contribution of gross profit.

This is the most important part of the project revenue, the project revenue, this is the majority of the project revenue, we just reported before, it is not the general company, it is said, we have to carry out this part of the income, that is, it is more than 500 million, this is a relatively small proportion, compared with this amount is less. So last year our combined revenue, about 700 million, that compared to 112 years, you can see that our sales electricity is growing, revenue is also growing, the main difference is that the sales is growing, the sales is growing, the sales is about about the difference, about about about about about 989, about 80 million, nearly 80 million, about 80 million. This part is the most important part or because of the delivery of the electricity, because it is not like the ordinary company, it is said it is more than the general companies, we have to carry out the delivery, we have been, that the delivery of the goods, because we are more than the contract, that we have a lot of the contract, that we have a lot of the contract, if we have a lot of the contract, we need to do this, if we have this, we have to do this, if we have this, we have a few, if we have a new contract, we have this, if we have this, if we have a few, we have this, if we have a new contract, if we have a new contract, if this, we have this, we have a new contract, if this, we have a new contract, if this, we have a few, if this, we will do this, if this, we have a new contract, we have a new contract, we will this, if this, if this, if this, if this, we have a new contract, we have a new, if this, if this, we have a new contract, we have a new, we have a new, we have a new contract, we will this, we have a new contract, if it, we have a new contract, if this, we will give this, we will do this, if this, we will give this, we will give it, if this, we will give it, this, this, this, we will give it, we will give it, we will give it, this, we will give it, this, we will give it, we will give it, we will In addition, this is a comparison of our two-year balance sheet, so you can see our current debt, the current debt part, about 50 million, compared to this last year, this last year, about 150 million, the most important part, because of the relationship between the delivery, the delivery is slower, the delivery will lead to my collection, my collection is slower, because the collection is relatively slow, because my so-called purchase, or need to continue with the supplier of this purchase, will cause me to use this loan, is the part of the purchase, I need to use this loan, is the part of the transfer of the purchase, so there are some banks will call to ask, so here to do this supplement.

Then again, we probably have been around for years, because of the whole power grid, it is quite long, and I also noticed that there are some, the media news will write, because of some power grid relationship.

So we are also actively doing some new, this new color, and the certification of the product. As you have just reported, this so-called GIS, or the new specification of the transformer, we are all actively working on it. Therefore, because we are going to talk to you, as long as we have passed the certification, the basic project of Taipower, these industry can basically get the monopoly.

That's because after years of war, we will realize that electricity is a strategy, but an important resource. And after years of Taiwanese businessmen come back, especially as we may see the media on the way, this TSMC to set up the plant, you need this electricity for each plant, this is the expansion of the infrastructure that needs to be done. So this strong power grid, on the one hand, is to respond to the new this, like some new parts of the reconstruction area, and on the other hand, some part of it is called too old to replace the new demand.

In the past few years, I've been here for about 17 years, and in the last two years, it's almost like our employees have reached a relatively recent state. This is all about improving our capacity. That's another quality thing, because if you have good quality, you can also make our delivery a little faster. In addition to this, we also have new business opportunities.

In addition to this, some of our business leaders are actively developing new customers. In this way, we are still in a relatively discriminatory order. Because of this recent message from the industry or the bank here, it is said that solar energy is a piece, and even more so, the whole market is not as hot as it was a few years ago. That is also a factor.

So, because there are some, if in a typical way, like Taipower it for some customers, it requires green energy, so the whole, that we are a general enterprise, with the customer needs, in the long term is necessary. That is the whole of our so-called, the sustainability of the earth environment, this is also a must go, just said this short-term, it is a short-term effect. That is also because of this factor, like we just have some solar people, we have about a dozen people, three-three seven have not yet finished. So now, if we invest in solar energy, on our own, we may be able to do it on our hands, and will not say very actively to look for new cases.

So the policy factor is really important, because now the domestic policy, this policy of green energy does not seem to be very active in push. So the investment in this part of the solar field is probably to complete the existing solar field, and then the existing solar field to make it a better luck. This is what we currently have on this part of the green energy, probably the current is a policy. Then again with the large investors, this may be the same as I just said above.

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.