We are a subsidiary of the company. We are mainly an online power plant. This will talk to you later on about the capacity of our power plant. Then, we are doing BPC, which is relatively small. Since this year, the whole solar energy, including energy, is said to be a possible policy relationship, because the impact of this part of the policy is relatively large, so the situation of the whole market is not as hot as before, relatively less, relatively stagnant.

This is the part of the 7M, the rest of the highway people and the service area of Nantou District, Nantou District, Nantou District, Taiwan. After the completion of this, we will almost 41M solar device capacity. Because this is the group, a steady revenue is a contribution, that is, it is relatively stable, its gross interest rate is a stable portion. Then, let us report on the situation of our revenue.

This part is just with the contribution of the report, it is a standard, because the delivery of Taipower he notified me of the delivery can be delivered, not that I finished after I can deliver. So relatively, it was last year there was some delivery, he had a slight delay to this year, so last year the same period was relatively low, last year the same period was relatively low.

This is not the case here, I don't have this profit situation, that last year's revenue basically we can see, if you can read our announcement of this financial report, which is about 16% of the total profit is the same as the same period last year, that is, about 16%. That is, if the net profit of the whole business, is my business, my business is basically stable, so if I say, this revenue is more than the current revenue, the revenue is more than the absolute amount of my gross profit, because I have to have a net profit, this year, this year, we have about 8 million, so the whole net profit, the whole part of the whole business is more than the cost of my finance, my interest, the interest is not much more than the same period, because we have more than the most liquidity, this part of this part of the most of the share of the share of the share of the share of the share of the share of the shares, and the shares, the first, the share of the share of the share of the share of the same, the share of the share of the shares, the same, the same, the same, the most of the first of the same, the share of the share of the share of the share of the share of the share of the share of the share of the share of the share of the same, the same, the first, the share of the share of this, the first of the share of the share of the share of this, the same, the share of the next time, the same, the share of this, the same, the share of the same, the share of the share of the share of the share of the share of the share of this, the same, the same, the next time, the same, the share of the share of the share of this, the next time, the share of the share of this, the only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only this, the same, the share of the share of the share of the share of the next time, the share of the share of this, the share of this, the next time, the next time, the same, the next time, the next time, the share of the share of the share of the share of this, the same, the share of this, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same,

This is the reason why we need to increase the amount of my debt. So we will increase the amount of this entire debt, which is a little more than last year, so the whole debt ratio is a little more. Then we will report with you about this, in the electric industry, this, the future development and strategy. Then we will quickly get the certification of our new colored products, for example, because of Taipower, the business of doing Taipower is to certify your product, and then the ability of this so-called manufacturing I just mentioned earlier, the ability to say this field, for example, I said, Yangmei plant to certify, the relative I also need to certify at the factory in Tainan, so this part is that we will divide the two factories and we will verify this part.

Because there may be some new painting in the beginning, your so-called quality is the measurement, like when we are making transformers, this is already the second project, when the first project, we in the early stage of the whole amount is not yet stable, the whole demand curve is not stable, so the first project, this amount is slightly different. In addition to this third project, we also pay attention to some new business opportunities and new customers.

<think> Well, the user gave me a task to help organize the transcription into paragraph-based transcription. First, I have to take a closer look at the specific requirements of the user. The user emphasizes that nothing can be deleted, rewritten or condensed, can only adjust the punctuation and exchange, merge sentences of the same subject, add some connection punctuation if necessary, but can not add new content.

In addition, if there is a speaker identification, to keep. Well, first of all, I want to understand the contents of the transcript. This transcript mainly refers to the business opportunities and customer situation in the Taiwan market, especially for the main customer, as well as the status quo of the green part.

At the same time, adjust the punctuation point to ensure that the sentence is consistent without missing any information. For example, the first few sentences are about new business opportunities and customers and then turn to the market situation of Taipower, which can be combined into a paragraph. Then, the discussion to find the difficulty of big customers like Taipower, which can be used as the second paragraph. Then, about the status of the green part, especially the comparison of solar and primary energy, this part can be divided into the third and fourth paragraphs.

At the same time, keep the order and meaning of the original word, do not make any modifications. Now, I need to process, merge related sentences, adjust the punctuation point to ensure that there is a clear theme change between paragraphs. For example, when turning from Taiwan to green energy, change a paragraph; and replace a paragraph when discussing a subsidiary. Finally, check the whole paragraph to make sure that there are no missing sentences, the punctuation point is correct, and the paragraph is clear, in line with the requirements of the user.

If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best quality of life, this is the place for you to start your business. If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best service, then you can get the best service for your business. If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best service, this is the place for you to start your business. If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best service, then you can get the best service for your business. If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best service for your business, we will provide you with the best service for you. So we also look forward to saying that because we should also invest more than two years in everything, and that it is not possible to make his contribution to the small feeling of slow, some time accumulated, this part we also hope that he will be able to view the whole so-called group, there will be some better attention, this part is not a slide, in my next line, I will add this part of the next time, and then add it, that is, I do not know what you should advise, or let me do supplement, thank you, the Chief Financial Officer, there will be a second stage of the QA exchange, if there are any questions or ideas want to communicate with the Chief Financial Officer, welcome to cancel the operation of the question. If there is no questions, we will be a paragraph, thank you again, thank you for the Chief Financial Officer, thank you.