Hello everyone, I am very pleased to welcome Mr. Qin Mei to the second World Investment Forum held by Taishin Securities today. The Chief Executive of the Company is Mr. Chen Hongyi, Senior Associate. We are waiting for your time to be handed over to the Chief Executive of the Company. Thank you, Mr. Taishin. Welcome to join us in our first quarter of 2025.

I am a Qin Mei company, Chen Hongyi, I am a spokesperson. I would like to start by reaffirming the report of the stock exchange. Today's law says that it is important to pay attention to predictive revenue or earnings information. These laws should be avoided, and there should be no publicity or text of a similar advertisement.

Because I can see more new friends coming to us today, so I probably come from our group profile and some of our visions and then into our three business groups, namely metal construction life innovation, one of these three business groups. There are their current developments. Then take a moment to introduce this sustainable development of our company, that is, ESG. Then there are a few more questions for everyone to come up with. We can discuss this together. OK, let's start, this is our group profile.

Just as we said that our group is divided into three business groups: metal forming, housing construction and life innovation. Then metal forming is called casting. In Hsinchu, we have a Hsinchu factory, our ranch. Then there is Qing Meida International in mainland China. Qing Meida International is actually a very important production base in mainland China.

He did this related casting or aluminum die casting construction. Some precision machining of this metal part. Then this new one was very easy, he won the National Pan stone Award last year. Then he also won the Little Giant Award last year. This is one of our subsidiaries in Yangmei. Then below CMAI, that CMJ is our overseas branch.

Then CMAI was responsible for the development of North America and Europe, and then some of Mexico's customer service Ah logistics, and even some new projects. Then CMJ Japan, of course, was the Japanese market is ghostly. Then the latest development was that we opened our branch office in Thailand, and we also opened our CMJ Japan branch office. Because the Japanese were very early in the development of Thailand, so they had already realized an ecology.

Building a home may be a bit more familiar to everyone. Because the foundation is not the same as before, the basic analysis of this B2B business. It belongs to a relatively close to people's livelihood, such as residential. It is more familiar with our Psen construction. Then, it should be last year, last year, last year, we created our own construction company, that is, the common wisdom of creation. Then it is very helpful for us.

We believe that we can all have this precise control. What we have at the end of the day is what we have in our own hands. So this is just a big step forward for us. At present, we are responsible for two cases, namely that we are on the charity road in Pusan, with our latest cases in Taichung.

The third possibility is that if investors in the area of Taichung, it may be more clear that our life innovation department. Including our National Grand Hotel from the beginning, or Taichung Youth Hotel, and then the green plum products on the Green Garden Road. Then, of course, the youth Green Garden Road, or the Shangri-La in Miaoli, it is a paradise.

We will have a more detailed introduction. Basically, let's take a look at one of our three business groups. Then the whole group's development is about to be divided into three phases. When this was founded in 1972, it was called the foundation of solidification.

So in the second stage, we want to say that China's international, we are a step towards international. Then starting from 02, it is what we call the polygamy operation. This is the creation of a lot of new business, starting from 02. Including the establishment of Puzheng construction, or the acquisition of this national hotel in Taichung. Then the establishment of Qingmei Green Park Road, is our Qingmei finished product. Then, Shangri-La Juli Hotel, was developed after 2002, under the concept of this polygamy operation.

And then, when we talk about our past revenues, I think of the past, from 20 to 20 years, which is a revenue change in the last 5 years. Then I compare it to 24 years and 23 years. I think about relatives, because the market in mainland China in 24 years, is a bit downward. So there is about a 10% drop. But in the construction of the residential part, it looks like there is almost a billion years of growth.

The large number of entries in this project fell to our 2024. Then in the Life Innovation Department, 24 years later, we started operating our old quarter hotel. It opened in October. So in this life innovation department, its revenue will gradually increase.

This is a comparison from 1 to 4 months ago. In fact, the metal forming is probably still flat. Then, in fact, we watch our shipments, in fact, in March and April, the shipments in March and April have begun to stabilize. So this is expected, the market behind should be slowly recovering. Then the biggest difference is to build a house.

Last year there were about 30 billion of this turnover. Then there might be only two million more this year. Mainly because of the recognition of some projects. I think this is a principle of IFAS. It takes a situation where a transfer house can be recognized. So when there is a real return to the building, it will have such a large recognition of the turnover.

This can be understood by everyone.

But many of the projects are ongoing, but we have no way to recognize them in that way. We wait to take the whole transfer of the house, when the transfer of the house can be recognized. Then a bigger growth is, I just said this week's press shop, because it started in October last year, so this contribution is still large in the first quarter of this year. So in the life innovation department, there is probably a nearly double growth, it also contributes to a turnover of about 400 million. So this is probably a comparison of the same period.

Then in March at the general meeting, the board of directors in March passed it, and this dividend distributed this year was about 1.75. This number was passed on the board, and then, when the general meeting in June was held, it should be fixed if this report was passed. So its dividend distribution should be 1.75. Then, finally, this distribution ratio, please refer to it.

And then, of course, the chairman said that you have to have this vision to have a mission. So the vision of this metal forming department is that they want to be the practitioners of this circular economy. Then in this recycling steel, the recycling part of the metal, this circular economy is very good.

This time we entered our metal forming and just introduced our factory in Hsinchu. Then there were four factories in our mainland China, in fact, it should be four and a half, one is currently closed, and then there will be a more detailed introduction. This is a production base in our mainland China, and the new precision has just been introduced in Yangmei. Then there is the CMJ in the US.

The main products can then be divided into three parts: auto parts, then air conditioning compressors, and engineering parts, and agricultural machinery. The project is in the same category as the agricultural machine. It can be divided into three categories of CAD people. OK This is our entire global layout, probably the production base is in Asia. When we first thought about this Mexican factory, Trump's policy did not look good.

However, we mainly live in North America or Mexico, and have logistics centers and warehouses, which are like that after-sales service. Then Germany also set up their branches, and Japan and Thailand have our CMJ to operate. Then this red is the Wuhan factory, which we have set up a new Wuhan factory more than two years ago.

We are all using the latest casting equipment, whether it is the most advanced equipment in Denmark, or the molding equipment in Germany. Then in terms of processing, I don't think that Japan is the most advanced equipment in Germany, this is the most sophisticated of these large machining machines in Germany. Then again, the casting process, in fact, Qingmei has been in the casting industry for 50 years, should be more than 50 years, 50 years.

This is why this technology is a bit more advanced than our peers. The economic scale is, in fact, very rare to find a casting group with an annual output of more than 300,000 tonnes in the industry. Of course, those companies like the mainland China, or a foundry with state-owned factories. Those who are their own or their own military foundries, we don't mention that.

So we have an advantage in this economic scale, and then the development of design capabilities. In the last decade, we have been able to work with our customers to develop their products together. What is the advantage? We can go into their product design phase earlier.

For example, like a car, you know how the idea of its next-generation design is. Then you can develop similar technologies earlier to fit into the future market. So this is one of the advantages of our development design capabilities.

More and more customers, he began to think of this added value inside him, and he could do this too much. For example, customers in Europe and America said that some of the processing in Europe and America is really expensive, he might outsource to our Taiwan, or outsource to China.

In short, we provide a little bit of our service. That is, from some of the first-of-its-kind development designs, we participate in their designs with their engineers. Then, the artist at the scene, we are responsible for his mold design and production. Then, in the foundry, we are responsible for dissolving the metal and then styling.

That's when he got the product. That's why we offer a service from start to finish. Then in this part of the car, it may be because it's all mounted on the car, so we'll see less. I'll take a moment to show you where our products will fit in the car. The first one is the exhaust tube of the engine.

This exhaust pipe is cast. So it's usually inside the engine room, even when it's driving the car, or when the engine starts.

If you are looking for a new product, you may be looking for a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product, or a new product. This is our latest Wuhan plant, which is CMHL, it received a lot of awards, such as its design is designed by our Panji joint construction firm, and then we should all know that it is this famous, because basically TSMC's plant is designed by Panji, then we also invited Panji to design us, our Wuhan plant, and then he got this one, we all said, but CMHL may be born when compared to that, because just met this COVID-19, so it is when it was built, when the plant had a bit of delay, it was a little delay, it was a bit delayed.

If you are looking for a reliable, reliable and reliable air compressor, we can offer you the best solution for you. We are here to provide you with the best service. We are here to provide you with the best service. We are here to provide you with the best service. We are here to provide you with the best service. We are here to provide you with the best service. We are here to help you with the best service. We are here to help you. We are here to help you. We are here to help you. We are here to help you. We are here to help you.

We went to and see the town of Jeong Jeong, who was tired, in some parts, I personally divert, no one I'm just an employee, immigration there is a sage. When it was first launched, I was very excited, then this Mei Tu really did not need to talk, in the opposite of Daan Forest Park, by our Tou Tou Tou Tou Tou desk to name, it was not my name, in fact, the first to break the millionth of Taipei City, should be Qing Mei Tuen. After that, it was like the wall of this lake, when it was launched, it was also a high price in the area, and then it was like Qing Meu Sen Sen, in the Taichung area, is also a more remarkable case.

After all, if you are not sure what you are looking for, you may not be able to do it, but if you are not sure what you are looking for, you may not be able to do it. If you are not sure what you are looking for, you may not be able to do it. If you are not sure what you are looking for, you may not be able to do it. If you are looking for something that you are looking for, you may not be able to do it, but if you are looking for something that you are looking for, you may not be able to do it.

So, this is the case for twenty-five years. After six years, Lin is now a new artist with the moon shadow, Lin is actually a visionary after the case, and then he will introduce the overseas headquarters of Fuda, very close, so he is also considered a Fuda residence island. Then again, twenty-eight, twenty-nine years later, we can see that we actually pushed the case as if it was not the last ten years before the start of the year, a year after they were born in the station, they were actually more and more intensive, even in the gray part of the proposal, we can see that the visibility has come to 2033.

So it is expected that it will be an appointment in 2032. Then, like the Taiyuan Road Case or the Midtown Road Case, it is really a big read. So I believe that in Taipei, there are more and more people who see the suffering of the Pugong, and the suffering of the Pugong. I also just talked about Huida, because this week, we are Huang Rongjun, President Huang Rongjun Huang, and he announced that OK, probably the overseas headquarters should be located in our northern city.

So basically I didn't put him in, or in fact, literature closer to the headquarters. Now let's look at Puzheng, he's in the art department, he should be in that school district, this next year should be handed over to the house, the current sales are probably only half of the sales are not sold.

And then there's the New York State coast.

And then there is the New State coast, which is basically the range of this facility in Huida, which is basically the range of this facility in Huida, and should be on the walk to get this. Then he is in the first row, so he has the condition of the mansion, so he has the condition of the mansion, he has the condition of the mansion, but we expect that it will also happen in the twenty-nine years.

This was the first time we had ever heard of a man who was in the middle of the night, who was in this area of Shinkong Mitsukoshi. He was in the back of this area of Shinkong Mitsukoshi, and he was in the back of this area of Shinkong Mitsukoshi. The real case was large, and the case was not very good. The case was not too big, it was not too close to the US school, and it was not too close to the US school.

So I would like to say that if you know something about this place, in fact, this is the gate of the Shilin District and the gate of the Beitou District is different. Basically, you know that the gate number of the Shilin District is still high, mainly they have inherited the business district there. To sum up the fact that we are in this effect, these are probably the buildings, and he is still in the sale, because I don't want to talk about it anymore.

So, I think in the future, I think the pugen construction in Taipei is going to be a long way from the top, not too big a problem. Because there are some of us who have almost gone through the door, we are not going to be able to see these 7 things, we are going to have to send them in the second half of the year. This is mainly because we know here is Zhongxiao East Road, so he just talked about some of the radars, or some cases in the north of Taipei City, this is also a special list for you to see. In fact, he is a light yellow yellow, all of the Tsinghua District, he looks a little bit biased, in the Taidae, he has his theme in the place.

Then this is the award of honor, like the voice of our predecessors in Taiwan, he only won the National Building Excellence Award this year. This is our Wang general, we all know that under Wang general, it is very low-key. Next to introduce our life of innovation, the time has passed very quickly, I am as good as possible.

This is the building of the green round knives before we took over, and we all seem to be around, and then a little dark. Then, after we took over in 2008, we created this green mei finished product, this portrait wall, or this reconstruction of its appearance. Then it is also a landmark that echos this humanity and nature. In 2021, he got a reward from this sustainable shopping mall.

Then this was the original grass path, and after we moved in, we wanted to transform it into a green road. Then more and more of these sightseeing or some street, so they moved in, which is the impression of turning it back on. Then we were too.

We also syndicated brands in this district, and then made this digital integration to make the whole neighborhood flourish. We then did a lot of shows there every year, and even people are more likely to think of things like running the night egg or Halloween, where there are a lot of activities for everyone to visit. This is a number of data, and I'm pretty sure it's our digital technology, which is our APP.

Then, of course, we don't have a card anymore, so we use the app. That's why we've reduced 30,000 cards in this plastic card, or that's how this entity's vouchers can be saved. And then the biggest goal is that we want to be inclusive with this voucher.

The green garden road is probably the most middle of this business area, starting from the Civic Square, and then our sixth market, the national hotel, the green plum tree below, is our museum, there are cakes and part2 such are shopping malls. This is our business. It has been calculated in March of this year, we are probably the second place in this museum, this person is the second, this people is the second, and last year we visited this area like this.

After that, Feng Chia Night Market had fallen behind us, and it probably had won it for two or three years. So we made a contribution to a life innovation in Taichung case. Then it was last year, we also received the Taiwan Sustainable Award Golden Medal, which is the gold medal in the sustainable living circle of this grassroots system.

So I guess I'm going to have to spend more than 10,000 nights in a row. They have a relatively high-end platform like this. Then we're going to be the art museum, the art museum and my façade are not too big, but it's a huge contribution to ESG. It's officially opened last December 10, and it's officially opened by Japanese designer Wei Yanwu, who helped us design the entire museum's appearance.

This was the beginning of its opening, and Wei Yanwu came in to cut and cut, as well as the vice mayor of Taichung City. Then, on the right hand side, the entire art museum's interior, some of the scenes inside. It was not really a picture, it was actually taken. It was so beautiful, its interior was very beautiful, and it was very modern. Our first hand exhibition was almost over, and it should end on June 1.

He is a relatively avant-garde person, then the visitor can interact with his artwork. The exhibition is expected to take place from June 20th to October 2nd. If you have any free time, you can go to our museum to visit.

Last year, we got the first green casting mark in Taiwan, and now I understand the first and only one, because the second one seems not to have come out. So, on behalf of our factory in China, we are doing our best to protect the environment, but we are careful. Then this is our four factories in China, almost every one of them, whether it is a green factory or a green casting demonstrator. So, this is not our standard in China, or the implementation of this environmental requirement.

So we also benefited from a growth of some of our turntables. They were said to be 30,000 foundries, which could eliminate the remaining 10,000. This was an instruction from their initial goal, the central climax. This is a figure of our entire circle economy. It is estimated that we now recycle about 96% of the material group on average, and even 96 of the raw materials are from recycled materials. Even our most recent Wuhan plant we have just talked about, he rarely uses the point of production, he almost 100%, he uses recycled materials to do his product.

After that, some of the things that we can recycle in the process will come back to us. Then, we have to figure out that we actually use recycled steel with us. If we don't use recycled steel, and we use raw materials, we do it from this mining material, and we will save a lot of money in this amount.

The most impression is that I can save more than 300 million in a year. It is probably possible to see this curve, from 15 years ago, after we have been using recycled steel, the four factories, even the fifth, blue light, because the Wuhan factory is the latest, so he only has the data in two years, he has reached 99.

This is the titanium adsorption of the Daanston forest. This is how we built it, and this is how it is done. Whether it's about saving energy or transporting green energy, it's mostly about getting almost all of them, a sign of the green building or a smart building. This is what they expect from their project.

This is the award of last year's award, such as an orderly action award, or an orderly report, and also a gold medal. Then we just said the leadership award of the creative communication, and this award from the TCSA. This is our orderly development plan, and the program, of course, is not the best we have ever had. In fact, many management systems, or ISO standards, are actually one of the first things we start with, a guideline, such as this. We then pass these certifications, or get these certificates.

Even the most recent requirement is TCFD, with this SUSB, to push and expose. We will do this as part of the plan. The most current plan is to hope to participate in the CDP disclosure program, and even in our aquarium inventory, which is what we will do next. This is the hope that the participation of this award, in fact, reflects one of our chairman's instructions, is to wait for this kind of training. The prize is not our goal, it is our hope that through the participation of this competition, we can gain more experience.

This is the path map of our development, a net-zero society. This is what we can refer to. Our plan here is that by 2030, we will not be able to achieve net-zero by 2030, because net-zero birth pools can be difficult. But at that time, we need to determine a result, or focus on some, whether it is carbon recovery or a development of new energy technology.

This may be different. So starting from 16, he started, not 26, he jumped a sentence, that is, 15 years, he added a sentence. Then, this year, at the end of 2024, he chose this word for us, the word for 25 years.

He should know that 2025 is not a very easy year, it is a year. Later, it proves that no matter what the tariffs in the United States, Trump tariffs, the Russian-Ukrainian war, these really affect our operations. So at the end of 2024, he also had an expectation that we could do this, and then the improvement, or the addition, must be done diligently.

OK thank you for listening, it's fast, it's 15 minutes, who just said it to me, want to know this. If there is an investor in the scene to ask a question, please help me raise my hand, help you pass the microphone. Hello, hello. You just shared the weekly, joined the society in October last year.

If you are looking for a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place. If you are looking for a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place where you can find a place. If you are looking for a place to live in the city of Tianjin, you may be looking for a place to live in the city of Tianjin, or if you are looking for a place to live in the city of Tianjin, or if you are looking for a place to live in the city of Tianjin, or if you are looking for a place to live in the city of Tianjin, or if you are looking for a place to live in the city of Tianjin, or if you are looking for a place to live in the city of Tianjin, or if you are looking for a place to live in the city of Tianjin, or if you are looking for a place to live in the city of Tianjin, or if you are looking for a place to live in the city of Tianjin.

<think> Well, the user gave me a task to help organize the transcription into paragraph-based transcription. First, I have to take a closer look at the specific requirements of the user. The user emphasizes that nothing can be deleted, rewritten or condensed, can only adjust the punctuation and line change, merge sentences with the same theme, add some connection symbols, such as commas, periods, etc.

In addition, if there is a speaker identification, keep it. Next, I look at the textual transcripts provided by the user. It looks like a record of a meeting or discussion, involving park management, tax, number of employees, financial situation, etc. The textual transcripts are cut off by timestamp, each sentence is independent, I need to organize them into a continuous paragraph, each paragraph of 3 to 6 sentences, subject change period.

First, I need to read through the whole transcript to understand the meaning and context of each sentence. Then, find out the nature of the paragraph boundary, such as the subject conversion place. For example, the start part refers to the relationship between the park administration and the stock tax bureau, then compares the situation of a large electronic company, then talks about the impact of taxes and employment, then turns to financial and exchange rates, and finally discusses gross profit and hotel revenue.

In addition, pay attention to the proper use of the terms and numbers to ensure that they do not change the content. Finally, check that the collated paragraphs comply with the user's requirements: do not change lines in the same paragraph, only separate paragraphs with empty lines, each paragraph with 3 to 6 words, subject to switching timeout. Make sure that there are no additional content added, just adjust the format and punctuation. After completing these steps, you can generate paragraph-text transcripts that meet the user's requirements.

He is the Lord of the harvest, and he is the Lord of the harvest, and he is the Lord of the harvest; he is the Lord of the harvest, he is the Lord of the harvest, he is the Lord of the harvest, he is the Lord of the harvest, he is the Lord of the harvest, he is the Lord of the harvest, he is the God of the harvest, he is the God of the harvest, he is the God of the harvest, he is the God of the harvest, he is the God of the harvest, he is the God of the harvest, and he is the God of the harvest.

He thought, that, that, this thing is expected, expected, expected to be Hank, where we have his own speech system, I want to be a bit white. So many news or many of these financial things may not receive that information. But again, I personally think, and give them a little time to look at it, because in the first quarter I know, I just said that the two seasons are not right, in fact, the first quarter of the year has no reference value, because it is the first season of the opening last year, the number of rooms they did not fully open, he had a climbing stage, then considered his manpower, and then the brand image, he didn't want to open the room, then what sort of confusion, or these new employees weren't very familiar with his brand.

If you want to know more about this, you should be aware of this. However, if you want to know more about this, you need to know more about this. If you want to know more about this, you need to know more about this. If you want to know more about this, you need to know more about this. If you want to know more about this, you need to know more about this. If you want to know more about this, you need to know more about this. If you want to know more about this, you need to know more about this. If you want to know more about this, we want to know more about this. If you want to know more about this, we want to know more about this.

In addition, our weekly hotel is only rental income, or is there a share, there is a share, basically is not rental income, I just just an example, in fact, we have set up another company, called Qingmei Weekly hotel consultant management company, then the profit and loss are stable, so we are not, just listed the rental income, our entire turnover will be different, so we can enter our revenue.

Because I see a few new arrivals as if I haven't changed my name card, we can exchange a business card, may have any questions in the future, please call me at any time, or add a LINE, I can reply to your questions faster such as this. Well, thank you Taixin, thank you for the investor's participation today, and thank you for sharing the company.