Mr. Li Wei-ling, the chairman of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of Directors of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors

Today, we will report on the company's fundamental reforms, and the entire field reform of 2024, and then some companies will make important decisions and look forward to the final Q&A part of this year's 2025. The company is now a hybrid design in the 71st year of its establishment. At the time of its establishment in 2024 was 7. 4. 5, and that in 2024 it just crossed the 71st threshold of the coin, to 70. 200 million.

The other 50% is the main product of our business unit, which is the regeneration of services and new testing operations, as well as this special convergence of operations. The company member today also reported that this transport filter number in the fourth quarter. The transport member reported that this revenue in the fourth quarter was 8.31. That gross profit margin in the third quarter increased from 30. 1 to 30. 9, with an increase of 0. 8%. The EPS1. 62.

That was mainly in our second quarter, sorry that there were some appointments for research and development investment, and some out-of-the-way investment to make a profit. The fourth quarter, called the third quarter, that increased because of the electronic environment of Taiwan dollar, so its interest in foreign exchange exchange, probably increased, so the third quarter increased by more than 20 million. We then looked at the consolidated revenue of 70. 200 million, which was an increase of YYY just like 10%. Then the gross profit margin increased by 0. 7% from last year, to 31. 2. The EPS of that year was 77.

That's what we expect in 2024, in addition to the rebound of this segment of gross margin in the fourth quarter, so it's now the definitive rebound in the fourth quarter, which is called 2023. We're going to break down and see how our divisions are performing, about last year, with BigBix. That's what we added in the second half of AB's production, in the second half of the year, to our electronics customers, especially ABF customers, and so on. That's why in the fourth quarter, we're doing nearly 60% better than the third quarter.

The SBU in the 12-inch test wafer, which tested fewer wafers in the fourth quarter, with a 4.5% reduction in revenue from the entire machine. Relatively speaking, its gross margin is the third quarter higher than the future. That is why the test wafer reflects last year's price higher. In the 12-inch test wafer, it decreased by a few 10% in the previous year.

In the same period last year, it was an increase of 5% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. In the previous year, with the revenue of our DBU, it was up to 23.5% this year. Our company's expectations, and just mentioned it, the proportion of our company's revenue, has been more than 30% to 32%.

The foreign customers include Keni, plus customers, etc., in this part of the country, nearly 30%. That is the largest customer in the country, in the fourth quarter of the revenue, currently the entire DBU revenue, this empty department store is an increase of 4%.

In the fourth quarter, it was evident that this customer's demand for 2nm had started to increase significantly. That's what we just mentioned in our SBU, which was a 4.5% reduction compared to the previous quarter. Mainly in our 12-inch test wafers, as well as this one, it was mostly a reduction in the shipment of this test wafer.

Well, these two things are reported to have been passed by the board of directors in December last year, we will increase the capital expenditure in December this year, to increase the capital expenditure in December, to increase the 12 inches of recycled wafers, mainly in the regeneration of wafers, and some test wafers of these products. Then go to our pig farm, our 12E, BCDE production line.

The main focus, which is increased to 100,000 pieces, is based on the advanced services required by our customers. The second important thing is that we, a year ago, and then the day of the Secretary of State, will always decide. In order to get into the market between Japan and Southeast Asia.

The company is based on the Japanese yen and Taiwan dollars, which is about $83.6 billion. Our company and Mitsui Mine in Japan is the tenth company in Japan and has 50 years of heritage. Since the beginning of 1970, our company has sent people to communicate with the company and do technology transfer procedures.

It is also the company that they have been in Japan for 102 years. The relative they have accumulated a lot of strength in addition to the technology, and more importantly, it has a lot of solid technology in the automotive industry. Including the local in Japan and their factory in Thailand in 1990, it set up a factory in Thailand more than KT car factory two years ago. There are very solid customer units in the automotive industry. We consider the acquisition of this strategy in the future we will expand the breadth of our products and customers in the world.

The combination of the two companies believes that there will be a better future in our commodity products. Well, finally, I will report this year's 2025 outlook. That's because we just mentioned that this income is outside of the four consecutive years last year, more than 16% of our previous tax. So today we can only explain this direction possible this year, there is no way to distort a guess.

First of all, at the ABU Merchants Division, we are seeing a rebound of the footprints that are focused on machine tools and the sales of our customers. What we are currently seeing is the impact of public fills in the first quarter as well. In addition, our high-end and key APF customers have increased demand for APFs at home and abroad with some additional capacity. So this year, we anticipate that the growth of our chakra division will be greater than the opportunity of small-volt growth, both in revenue and profit.

Last year we had the opportunity to meet the needs of our customers when they had the most needs. Last year's average was about 35,000 kg to more than 30,000 kg, which is up to 4 million grams. This year's average capacity is expected to reach 4 million grams. We currently have the capacity of 5 million grams. The other two contentual future is mainly the development of Quarter by Quarter, which includes a customer at home and abroad that we saw not only in the emerging process, but also in the mature process.

The second thing is to report on this progress of US IDF customers, which is good news for our content window. That said, it was probably because of some policy relations and other factors, but we have restarted these certifications and procedures. That was the opportunity to see the actual contribution this year. At the end of the SBU business division, the major ASB products that we have seen this year did not fall more than last year, and some of the products at the end of the year were supported by 3% to 20 products, which is a rise from the previous year.

So we just mentioned the purpose of our expansion of the South-South wall is to be confident that after next year's increase in our capacity, it is able to make it full at the speed of a few months. The only thing we mentioned is the increase in capacity of the tens of thousands, which will be at the end of the second half of this year, and the increase in the second part of our South-South wall by the end of June. That part will also increase some of our regeneration experience. The other part of our public strategy is that in addition to just increasing capacity, we will continue to increase the combination of some products, especially in this special experience, and now see the opportunity for this year's special experience, because it is relatively high compared to the ASB and Gross Margin.

That said, the three divisions we expect to see their gross profit margins and sales grow this year compared to last year. The key point is the top 3 of the main top 3 that we just reported on Winner. That's where the briefing comes from. That's where the Q&A is going to be going.