<think> Well, the user gave me a task to help organize the transcription into paragraph-based transcription. First, I had to take a closer look at the specific requirements of the user. The user emphasizes that nothing can be deleted, rewritten, or condensed, only the punctuation, line change, and combined paragraphs can be adjusted.

It looks like this is a company's online corporate briefing, which involves finance and operations. The transcripts are cut into multiple sentences and each sentence has a timestamp. I need to combine these sentences into natural paragraphs, each paragraph 3 to 6, and change the subject when the paragraph changes. Next, I want to deal with the punctuation. The user requests to use the full punctuation, so I will convert the punctuation of the punctuation. At the same time, the end of the sentence is to fill the appropriate punctuation, such as a sentence, question mark.

Also pay attention to the use of verbs, but don't add new content. Then, I need to identify the speaker. If there is a host or other spokesperson's logo, keep it. But only the host and Ben, Chang, and Fisha mentions in the transcript, so you may need to keep those names.

First, start with greetings and greetings and should be merged into a paragraph. Then, introduce the presenter, then start with the meeting, the presenter gets the company to present its finances, and then introduce Ben and other speakers. These sections can be merged into several paragraphs. The financial data section is more, and segmentation is required. Each financial metric such as operating income, gross profit margin, expense ratio, etc., can be merged into a paragraph until the subject changes. For example, quarterly data and year-round data may require separate paragraphs.

In the process of processing, it is important to pay attention to the order and meaning of the original words and not to miss any information. At the same time, it is necessary to combine the sentences naturally and avoid breaking the sentences. For example, the combination of "Welcome to SinoPac Securities hosting" and "Welcome to SinoPac Securities" into a sentence. Finally, check that the punctuation is correct, especially if the punctuation is filled at the end of the sentence. Make sure that no sentences are missing, and that the paragraphs are separated by empty lines, without any other symbols.

</think> All investors are welcome to participate in the June 2024 Conference. Today's law will talk to Mr. Huang Guanbin Deputy General Manager, Mr. Huang Huifei, and Mr. Xiao Feilin. At the beginning of the meeting, we will ask the company to provide a briefing on the financial and operational status of the fourth quarter of 2024. After entering the QA time, if you have any questions about investment advanced, please leave your questions and questions to the Q&A, and the QA time will reply.

Well, thank you, my host. I am here for a simple explanation. Of course, we have to go ahead and speak to Fisha. First of all, let's report on the results of our entire operations in 2024, just like a piece of information we uploaded to our trading station after yesterday's board of directors. In the fourth quarter of 2024, our revenue was 1.9 billion and gross profit was 5.3.2 billion.

In the fourth quarter, mainly because there are some exchange rate impacts, so the entire net non-business tax portion, it is about an $8 million. So, we have the whole pre-tax portion up to 1.93 billion. The net interest rate in the fourth quarter of our overall figure is 7.95. Overall, we are a little more than a third of the revenue, because there are exchange rate implications, so the entire EPA portion has a slight lag, at 0.62.

As you can see, when we were public relations revenues in the past, it was probably clear that this year's revenue was a slight negative growth. However, one efficiency increase in our overall as well as one adjustment to our overall product ratio, of course, including the part that we've already generated and used in a competitive wheel as a whole, let's have a year-round gross profit margin of 26.81. That's true, if we've reached a goal like 27 to 30 in the fourth quarter of our single quarter.

Therefore, as a whole, our operating profit margin for the whole year is 13.08. Of course, in the non-operating portion, there are some offsets. So, we probably think it's a small negative of 34 million. So, in general, a 24-year overall result is up to 900 million before tax.

As you can see, the difference between 23 and 24 is that the revenue is a slight recession, but I have a significant growth in the gross profit margin, the profit margin, and the net interest rate. So, in the EPS section, there is a 10% added value after the IPO last year, but that is, let's increase the overall score from last year's 2.88 to the total amount of outstanding debt.

However, although there are some adjustments from our customers, so let's use it again, about 34%. However, this 34% actually shows that there is already some effect in the overall gross profit margin. So what we expect is to continue this year, and there are other products under the condition of entry that our gross profit margin forecast should be quite predictable. Of course, this part is explained, in our inventory, it has been reduced from the end of last year to the end of 23 years, from $6.2 billion to the end of 24 years 59.900 billion.

In finishing a positive total, there is likely to be a slight increase. Then we look at the total amount of debt we have collated, as we are making some investments in a allocation, so we have a slight increase in the entire debt. From there, but because we raised a large part of our IPO last year, there is a significant improvement in the financial structure.

In the third quarter, the debt ratio was slightly increased, but in the equity of the shareholders, a book amount of the US stock market increased from 36% last year to 41.3%, which also allows you to invest in advanced to know that in a company as a whole, we continue to focus on the medium- to long-term goal, anchor rate 27 to 30, operating rate 15 to 20%, which is such a direction to move forward. Of course, the stock has always been our focus, then we are actively in control of some of the stock, that includes the use of a debt rate as a whole, so in the 25 years, we still have the hope of stock to reduce by 500 million ways to do some adjustments, which allows us to each of our balance sheet of more from a healthy, healthier step forward. In the prospect of the part of the 25 years, our revenue is really from double digits to grow, while 20 to 24 to 24 years we have some of the economic impact, but we have a major from our customers we can understand that we have a layout. In the past, we could imagine that we may have been in the top three North America in the past, and the three accounts account for 90%, then slowly expand to now we have a total of 40 brands of customers, that is, although the top five are relatively large, but the only part of his account is that there is a gradual increase of about 10%, so let us in the top five have reached 60% of this figure. That in the last 25 years, we will return to the whole luxury car brand, one should say that a sales outlook and a new car listing, so we will be in the next part of the overall strategy, the basic part of some of the basic part of the customer is more than the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the most important part of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the most sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the latter.

This is the second part of our overall year, we just mentioned the increase in the total investment from an expansion in our hands, and then we said that the demand in our other non-bus circle is also gradually included in the layout of the overall we are talking about the raw materials part, and then there are some of our intermediate equipment parts are beginning to enter some of the clear needs of some customers, that is, we will have some verification needs to pass, that is, it takes some time, that this year is set in 2020 when our revenue target has a double growth of 20 years, and that is, of course, there is a chance to challenge the new high history. This is the first time that we have been able to combine our entire fusion plant with the existing one. However, the difference is that in the new fusion plant, we will have a greater flexibility in the size and specification of the whole production material. It can also be satisfied that whether we are talking about the construction industry, then moving some of the temperament parts industry or in the construction industry can be arranged. It also allows us to expand the entire regeneration trip in a wider area, and it is also actively working together to make our entire industry application of a longitudinal and horizontal cooperation to enable the entire fusion economy in Taiwan more roots, and that is not a natural mineral rich area of the world to understand the importance of a regeneration trip in Taiwan, and of course of what we have just mentioned in the stock section.

This is my goal every year. That is, of course, what we have in stock as a whole, and there is still about three billion dollars in stock. As we are in this section, of course, with our layout of an alloy in a variety of dimensional materials, we can accelerate the degradation of our inventory, rather than just putting it into one use of the transfer circle.

This is the only aspect of our strategy, in addition to our leadership in a luxury car brand, but we do not only use this function as a function of the enterprise industry. We also actively improve the company's operational efficiency and profitability through the circular economy, through the use of materials in different fields, and then, of course, we are here to explain, although some adjustments of the client, but you can see from this table that from 2018 to 2024, every part of the whole of the supercar and some of the premium cars, its average growth rate is still correct.

This is the part of the process, of course, that we will continue to improve the quality of our products, as well as our production efficiency, so that we can invest in a machine as a whole, we can be relatively different from the past is to move hundreds of units of investment. Of course, because the machine it will more likely to require a space in the whole, the factory space, which will also allow us to actively create it in the whole, the existing space, we are able to use the area of evaluation. Therefore, we are in the overall configuration of one, the proportion of the competition wheel in 2025 will continue to increase, that is, of course, to Europe, the current word is a customer-oriented.

This is part of the reason why we continue to use recycled aluminum as the concept of a product. It also allows customers to know that it is not only possible to get near the performance of the original aluminum, but also a significant reduction in the amount of carbon can be achieved in the production process. In fact, if we do 14064, our entire carbon candle machine, the whole part of the recycled aluminum is only about 0.0kg of carbon.

In the past, we also mentioned that we are in the overall one, the semiconductor equipment parts, and there is ongoing operation. In the past, I believe that some investors who were in contact with us also know that in fact, in the overall part of the semiconductor parts, it is not a so-called lightweight material, or its fatigue nature, it is concerned with the organization of an aluminum material, and its corrosion resistance.

In the case of mobile devices, we also continue to carry out this part of the process, especially in the case of some of the saving goods in the light vehicle, and also with the robot in contact with the customer. The electric equipment part, of course, we will start from Taiwan's customers, then there are some more clear cases, let us evaluate it.

In the past, if we were to say, there would be a so-called regenerative aluminum, regenerative aluminum. But this is more often heard, or actually used, it would be downgraded. This is mainly because of the various aluminum alloys. For example, we talk about aerospace class 7 series, and if it is some of the power supply equipment, it could be class 5 equipment.

The forging can be 6061, 6082 series. These are all able to be properly classified, then it can be 100% restored to the original species. In that case, the entire value of it is quite high. But in the case of one decomposition of the whole, or in the whole, it should be said that it cannot be properly classified in the process of collapsing.

This is why in the past two years, in addition to contact with potential customers of these recycled aluminum, we also understand that this aluminum is one of the ways we talk about recycling system, how to do the ingredients. It is now very easy to split aluminum, but different aluminum to split the alloy, in the present situation seems not to have a more suitable technology.

In fact, the whole part of the application of aluminum, in addition to what we can see throughout the technology industry, in fact, we are in the layout. This part is also working with a number of institutions in the country, hoping to put some new parts of the process to a much larger discussion. That is to explore what are some of the more suitable applications of the industry and what are some of the techniques that we are suitable for.

So, in contrast, we have a relatively stable growth in the return on the equity of a shareholder in the whole. Now we have to reach 10%. In this way, we also have confidence in the future, and we can reach 20% of our long-term business interest rates. So, based on the whole solid growth and the steady economic and sustainable growth of the part, in addition to the overall revenue outlook, our main focus is to go back to the overall gross interest rate, and a long-term business interest rate goal.

This is why we want to drive this advantage to different industries. It also wants us to be able to connect with more industries in Taiwan in one structure and structure. That allows us to expand our potential market, not only now the whole business, but also we also want to be able to cross, as we have just mentioned in the whole semiconductor raw materials, some parts of the entire power supply equipment, and all of the whole, all of the part of the travel application to serve.

However, you can see from yesterday's board meeting record that we actually allocated 2.2 to an EPS of 3.3, in fact, it's over 60%. That's exactly what the boss is, and we've always set a goal in the past. OK that's a simple one done by BEN, a report on the results of a business in the fourth quarter and the year, and a outlook for 2025. If you have any questions about investing in advanced, welcome to ask in the Q&A section. Thank you, Vice President, we're next Q&A time.

If you have any questions, please leave a message below. The company will reply. Thank you. How many years later is Tiarnit Once in Omamori or R soon? volte. OK, and above all, there are still 20 years of sales, why should I eat?

It's probably a stable trend, and that's just a ranking change. That's in the whole sales section, in fact, we're in a European region at the moment, and of course in the proportion, we'll compare a European region to a European one. In the Bitel part, because we're mainly one of its raw materials, we're talking about it as a substitute.

In other words, because the overall one we want to match with one of its machining, one of the machining machines we say that it needs a style that can be machined. So we will do some adjustments to the sample.

This part we expect to be able to carry out a second sample this month. Of course, at the end of the sales section, because it is relatively strict, although we think, but to look at it as a whole, we are talking about raw material processing and it finishes the surface treatment, and the testing of the supplementary baggage.

In the final part, we will start to contact our original customers and see how to apply it. Therefore, in the operating part, if the overall semiconductor and other parts of the parts, there will be a small amount of development and some shipping. However, this part, more specific we are waiting for, is A and Q here after a more clear plan, and then I will explain to you thank you.

In the first quarter, the first time was to slide down, back to a more reasonable water level. Of course, it was still a long-term low, but it was the fourth quarter of the operating fee, which would be slightly lower than the third quarter. If we were to renovate the tour factory in Pingtung, now we are working on some neo configuration. What we expect is that the plant and our equipment will probably take about 10 months before five years.

The 27-year-old ratio, I think, is supposed to help, because in the net-forming case, there may be a comparison to the overall cost of the purchase, but the skin may be limited in the overall design. That for us, of course, we will achieve a balance if this part of the 27-year-old ratio is about 30 and 70%, that is, the whole machine plus 70 net-forming30.

This year, they have already scheduled the time to come, and balanced to do such a certification. So it should be one of the 8th customers we have had the opportunity to get this year. The China New Energy Vehicle part, you should say that we are selling a new car from the whole mainland, which is relatively easy to move forward. So if our average price exceeds the cost of 9000 yuan, it is a burden for them.

This is mainly because we are actually able to sell the course, mainly because we have a small amount of inventory, and some of the things we have done in the past are in guard. That said, in 2024, because some of the inventory in the previous regenerative travel is slowly sold, then we are all based on our cylindrical sticks. That cylindrical stick is used in Taiwan by a manufacturer, especially the size of 12 inches we use, in fact, the customer is less. That also allows us to use the overall regenerative travel sales in 2024 is relatively slow.

That's why we're not going to have any impact on it. But we don't know what's going to change in the future, so we'll continue to look at it and tell our customers how we're going to work together to resolve it. The next question is one of the whole regeneration rate, and we've had a one-month usage rate of 50 years, and then we're down to 40, 1134.

This part is mainly because we use a product with a regenerative rate, it actually needs to be certified, which has been certified, I can use the regenerative rate when I put in. Then you can also know that the needs of our customers will change, and sometimes there is a decrease in the amount of cocoa, and the other needs will let us have a difference in this use.

This is because in the overall rate of a regeneration ratio, with the expected or some difference, so in the 23 to 24 years, our inventory is probably only 3 billion, not to reach our goal of 500 million, but although it is said that my overall regeneration rate is only 34%, but it is reflected in our gross profit, in fact, there are some, note, that this is what we have seen in 25 years, we also know, especially the recent price increase, then we use here, you can imagine that I am using a relatively low, that the past stayed these tours, the future sold to the customer, is able to use a relatively high price to sell to the customer. The future part of the rim revenue, of course, in the current stage, is more than 90%, or is part of the rim revenue, as we have explained last year, we hope that in the next three years, we will be able to increase the share of non-wheel revenue to 4%, so we have a non-wheel industry, but also actively research and development from R&D, product development, and some adjustments in our overall business, of course, this part of the new business is the overall regeneration trip, it also plays a key role.

In the future, the benefit of this part of the future, to re-travel to tell us about some travel applications, whether in a few lines, or in some parts of the semiconductor materials we talk about, I think the speed of this part of the two, I think there is a chance first, because we are in the process of running the industry, of course, we hope that different business groups, he can actively develop, the following paragraph, I personally think that is said that the semiconductor part will be faster, the part of the trip because mainly will be limited to our entire capacity, our new production line to be set up, and then to expand, then the opportunity to do an OEM and sales a service. The next question is that 23 years of gross profit is below 24%, then now 27, because the single machine revenue difference is not much, the factor is that he asked whether there are some low-price inventory, or the calculation of increased or the ratio of regeneration, of course, I think the most important part of this should be that, in fact, the stock is moving average for us, so in the next revenue, in fact, if we say that a whole production efficiency and yield is not up, we really can't achieve this kind of gross profit improvement.

<think> Well, the user gave me a task to help sort out the transcription. First, I had to take a closer look at the specific requirements of the user. The user wanted to re-arrange the transcription of the transcription of a sentence into a readable paragraph transcription, and there are a lot of strict rules. For example, can't delete, rewrite or condensate anything, can only adjust the punctuation and line changes, merge sentences of the same subject, add some connection punctuation if necessary, but can't add substantial content.

It looks like this is a meeting record or earnings meeting, involving a number of topics such as production costs, CNC equipment, recycled aluminum use, inventory costs, market outlook, etc. The content is more professional, there are many numbers and terminology, such as "CNC", "Maori", "Inventory costs", etc., all of which need to be retained and cannot be changed. Then, I want to consider how to combine these sentences into paragraphs.

Next, mention of the use of recycled aluminum and the contribution to Maoli, this section can be used as a second paragraph. Then, the description of inventory costs can be used as a third paragraph. After that, on the market outlook and revenue targets, this is the fourth theme, and finally on the application of robotics and drones, this is the fifth theme. During the processing process, I need to pay attention to the adjustment of the punctuation points, such as the end of the sentence plus the closing, question mark or exclamation mark, to ensure that the sentence is smooth. At the same time, keeping the original language sequence and meaning, can not miss any information.

In addition, there are some duplicate "good" and some content that looks like end-of-course, such as "aging", "a", "e", "r", "em", which may be noise or error at the end of the recording, which needs to be determined whether or not to retain. According to the user's requirements, without deleting anything, these may need to be retained, but these may need to be adjusted reasonably. Finally, after finishing, the output contains only the edited text without any previous explanations.

This is the first time that we have done this, we can say that the basic expenditure is not the same as the past, but just with Guo Yu explained that it may not have to buy a hundred or two CNC. Of course, we have also been doing some government projects, we hope to do some research with the equipment manufacturers to do some of the development of some models, let us use the model upgrade to reduce one of our CNC processing time. Then, of course, the use of recycled aluminum must have a direct contribution to Maori, because our entire regeneration of aluminum in the entire production process, it is actually more than the same as the same aluminum price, about 10% to 15% of a price difference. Therefore, if the aluminum price is in the second half of the rise, we will actually increase in this difference.

The stock price of aluminum is in comparison to the market price, the stock price of our aluminum, the stock cost of aluminum is basically lower than the market price. At present, how low, this is the focus, the potential appreciation space, should have about 15% to 20% here.

If you have any questions, please leave a message and thank you in the area where you have to ask questions. Well, this is where the company is going to talk about the first phase and the outlook for the year. In fact, we look at the whole part of the year, in fact, a traditional high season in the automotive industry is probably from the end of the third quarter to the beginning of the fourth quarter, which is about this period from September to November.

This year's revenue targets are just as clear as what you describe, and we don't want to be in the same position for five years. We'll have some customer configuration, so some of these customers will have to adjust some of their needs because their needs will be with a customer who buys a car. However, in the current situation, we'll see that our overall revenue targets in January and February have a steady growth rate compared to January, so this year's overall trend is still moving towards our goal. The revenue ratio is, of course, just to listen to you and explain that in the third and fourth quarter, there is a slight increase in the proportion of the use of robot-related applications.

That's why we are now looking at the whole thing in addition to some electrical control components, which we can not be more involved in, but in the overall basic category, especially as long as it has some strength requirements or simple requirements, this is our goal. Of course, also thanks to investors is to remind us that the robot and drone part is not to be missed, which is also the whole business side and R&D side of the positive understanding of the appropriate application, to cut into. Of course, we have another process, it is more suitable to do such a variety of applications, so we should also have a more specific result in the first half of the process, then we can carry out a new Savvy application, that we are going to develop a new product in the whole, thank you.