First of all, welcome all the comrades to listen to our presentation and update our company's information. Then we also want to thank Lu Feng Securities for giving us this opportunity to report on our company's situation here. This page is mainly to introduce you to our general profile of our company's composition.

Our US stock has a surplus of $7.13 and then our US stock nets have 56 pieces. Our products, in our confidence well, are mainly related to hinges, hubs, refining related products. Like us above, this is the back of our monitor for the refining of the brackets.

This is a folded screen product. It was released to the market last year as well. On this side, this is our monitor product related to esports. This is our base function. This is our base function.

This is our all-in-one monitor or our esports monitor product. In this land-based enterprise, the land-based enterprise side by side, its main product is related to stamping products. Next to this, this is our low-fruit satellite product. Above this is the mini version of the low-fruit satellite. Below is the standard version.

Low-fruit satellites are mainly part of the EMI noise reduction cap. In addition to helping us to do this low-fruit satellite-related products, it also has a keyboard holder. Then here is a power supply. It does some of the related heat dissipation-related cloud parts in the power supply.

Then another of our subsidiaries is called jinde technology, jinde technology its products, here is mainly related to the car. This is the steering wheel. Then this is the motor. Car and motorcycle or bicycle motor caps. Then this is the steering column. This is the dock. This is the Rugged tablet or the Rugged computer shell.

Then the far left side is the casing of SSD's suctionable hard disk. So we created 9 billion credit coins last year, mainly from all the products on this first video we're seeing now.

First, let's take a look at the display products that account for our company's revenues relatively high. Part of this display industry, we can see that this is a related growth from 2017 to 2025. We can see that this is the beginning of the pandemic in 2019.

Then we ended up closing it in 2023. During this pandemic, the monitor used to be different from the growth rate it had in the past year. That's what everyone spoke about in the pandemic. So let's make this an equivalent of shipping, from last year's about 1.2 billion. And then it exceeded 1.3 billion. Then it was the level.

Then in 2021, it reached the so-called level of 1.45 million units. Until the end of the epidemic, such a thing is the dividend of the epidemic, and it is the end of the situation. It ended. Then, one industry of the monitor returned to the past about 1.25 billion units to 1.3 billion units such a interval of water level.

Mainly because of AIPC's one drive switch slot. So let this monitor related to the shipment, it can jump out of the past about 1.25 billion units of the level. Then slowly do a growth. It is believed that in 2026, should still make a growth.

So drive consumers to upgrade the related computer. This page is part of our revenue from Shinsaibashi. Then we said Shinsaibashi's revenue, which was about 60% of what we had in 2024, when we were in the so-called monitor. This part. And then we have another part that is about 9%. We are in the so-called AIO part.

That's about 9%. Then it's part of our TV. We'll usually watch AIO together with the TV. Because it's about 10 to 15% higher in our company. So the two are probably together. Then it's our subsidiary's revenue.

Just mentioned to you that the subsidiaries are mainly the two companies that follow through with the company. That is to say, it is a heavy burden on the company. It reached 11% in last year. Then the other one of us is 6%. Then the ratio of the two companies is probably between 15 and 20%.

Last but not least, we have some molds. Or plastic injection related products. This is what we said last year accounted for 9% of the same level. If we look at the quarter-to-quarter status, we'll see last year in the fourth quarter.

That's 6%. 61% that goes up and down. Then AIO and DB were just mentioned. About 10%. Then our subsidiary. The circuit is 11%.

Jinde is 6%. The remaining 12% comes from our Bothers. This page is mainly for you to report on our group's production location. Our group's production location, if in the whole block, it may be divided into mainland China as a block. Then we are also a block.

We are also in Southeast Asia. We also make it a block. For the Chinese mainland, our main production base is the Suzhou plant above. Our customers who serve our Suzhou plant are SI plant,Jastar,Chess,Compal and Guangda four companies. Then we have our home-made parts near our Suzhou plant.

We also have our own factory here. There is also the part of our road stamping. The part of our low-track satellite. In 2024, there is part of the shipment from Suzhou factory here. We are going down again, like our Fuzhou rich flag part. Our factory in Fuzhou, the main service of our factory in Fuzhou is such a customer as Guan Jie.

There will be some fun.

This is what we prepare for our home in Fuzhou. We have our factory in Dongguan, and we have our own factory in Zhongshan. Mainly for Sony in Japan, or a factory that is prepared for the factory in the SI factory in Weichuang. We are mainly in Taiwan, we are in Taoyuan, Taiwan, we are mainly in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we are in Taiwan, we have assembled and automation, and then we are here to bet.

We have created a new company, dedicated to the development of hinges for us, and then there are some stretches, such as lift, lift monitor, or lift products, screens, etc. We also asked this company to create our own subsidiary to develop. He also made a small number of different assembly, mainly to be able to feed himself, so we also let him have some assembly business to do. But this assembly with our sister is not the same as the assembly, his assembly is a relatively small number, a small number of different kinds.

Our Vietnamese factory is mainly serviced as a family file, as well as for counterfeiting the two SI factories. As we announced last year, we want to increase the operation of the Thai factory, and we will increase the investment amount from 5 million to 20 million. This part will be expected to join operations in the second or third quarter of 2026. This is also a growth momentum in 2026.

In addition to the production of a low-track satellite in Suzhou and then moved to our land and Thailand factory to produce it. In addition to production, such as stamping parts are mainly focused on heat dissipation, just mentioned that the power supply inside heat dissipation parts, and we have some hand tools, compared to small pieces of hand tools.

We started in 2018, we started in 2023, here we started here, and then we merged into last year 2024, a six-year state, with a report. We started from this past seven years, and the seven-year state is our revenue range is about 8.68.8 billion, that is, 8.5 billion to 10 billion. This is probably the state of our operations over the past seven years. This is the overview of our revenue range, which is probably between $8.5 billion and 10 billion.

This is our gross profit margin before the pandemic in 2018, which is 23% of our gross profit margin. Then, when the pandemic happened, we had DRIVE to 23% of our gross profit margin, and then we stayed at 26%, which is probably our general industry, and this bearing, which is related to our monitor, is a good business. This gross profit margin is a good state. At this time, of course, in 2021, because we encountered the so-called epidemic, the transportation cost rose significantly, and the cost of raw materials rose.

That's why we also have a three-year effort to do so in 2020, when our gross profit margin was 29%. Then our gross profit margin was $9.4 billion and we were $7.13 per share when we split it into quarters and we looked at the quarters of the past quarter, starting from the fourth quarter of 2022 until the fourth quarter of 2020, so we also saw that in 2022, our gross profit margin for the fourth quarter was 20%, and then we just mentioned that each, like the first quarter is our traditional low season, so gross profit margin usually goes down. Then, then, is the main season to do a growth. Then, in 2024, because my gross profit margin in the first quarter could go up to 29%, but because of this quarter, it has a one-time mold revenue rating.

However, its income was recorded in the first quarter of last year and was recognized in the first quarter of last year. So, in the first quarter of last year, its gross profit margin was relatively higher. This part was due to a one-time mold generation. In the second quarter, gross profit margin could go further to 30%, which was the result of the product portfolio.

Our current gross profit margin is 20% for the purposes of our company. From 2017 to 2023, we look at the average gross profit margin, such as this, the return on equity is ROE's performance. We look at the average gross profit margin of our company from 2017 to 2023.

So basically we are ahead of the average of the listed company in Taiwan, in terms of performance. This page is mainly to report with you, that is, we believe the police company, is a persistent and stable high-interest policy. This policy also shows that in the last week of the week, we have a board of directors passed, and we plan to issue this $5.5 cash incentive, which is expected to register for this year's shareholders' meeting to seek the approval of our shareholders' meeting.

So our distribution rate should be 75 to 80% of this range. So we have accumulated, made $96.8, and then accumulated 80 pieces of 7 wool. That is, if from our letter police on the listing, we follow us all the way to the current long-term investor, you basically you, you have returned the 80.7 piece of cash drums back.

This is not a good thing to say, we are present and customers, we are all in development together, such as ID design, or specifications, we are together with customers, including the appearance keys, etc. So, if today's customers just put the case to our hands, he has to switch to other suppliers, he will be very high. Then the customer relationship is good, show on the second point, just to see you at our production base.

So, no matter how our international situation evolves today, where we are going to set up the factory, basically we will first see our customers, our assembly plant, our next assembly plant, where you expect to set up the factory, then we will usually evaluate whether or not to follow the past. Because we have to take into account a lot of factors in the past, including whether the outlet is smooth, or whether the supply chain is complete, etc.

So basically we have to make other investments, which is very hard to make. Here we are mainly with you, simple, to share our outlook on the future of operations, including the state of this year and next year. In this year, our operation is the hope that we can achieve mild growth.

But we are still faced with some risks and uncertainties, such as the global economic uncertainty, whether it will allow us to have a highly visible order, and will make some adjustments, which we are uncertain. But we are now seeing an expectation that products we have seen and the customers we have seen, and we believe that we should have a high chance of sustaining growth this year. That said, in the next part of 2026, we have a Thailand factory, just following you to report, and I will join our operations.

So we are now in 2026, but now we are more optimistic than 2025 here. Because 2025 we are implicit in some political situation, so we feel that this place can be mild growth. But in 2026 we think that it should be sustainable growth. The main dynamic is from the above two factors, one is that I have a new factory to join the operation, and the second is that I have a new customer penetration rate, and the customer who has both been out of 2025, his contribution will also increase.

This is my presentation today, thank you very much for listening, thank you all.