All KGI customers are welcome to participate in the first quarter of the investment forum today. Next, we are going to have an afternoon session. The conference is very happy to invite you to be worthy of technology.

First of all, I would like to introduce you to the company's team. Mr. Xu Xinpu, the general manager of the company, is very helpful. Mr. Xu Wenpu, and Mr. Wu Jiarong, the manager of the accounting department, are good.

Thank you for the invitation to KGI. I am Xu Xinpu, and I am very grateful to everyone who attended the first public law meeting of 2025 worth of technology. I am still amazed by the size of our venue, and I am so excited to be involved. That is why I know now that this machine show is being held in Nangang. In fact, these days our company is in Nangang.

We also received a lot of legal friends today. Then there were a lot of familiar faces. And then there were probably the speakers at the stall, which was mainly our domestic business help. So maybe everyone didn't know if he was the presenter, so I did. But I hope I could make a good introduction too.

So there may be a lot of people who don't know how to report their earnings. That's why I believe there may be a lot of information. Today, I'm going to focus more on technology. So I'm going to focus on technology, so I'm going to focus on the technology, the product. That's why I want to talk more about it. Thank you all.

Well, that's because last year's law is going to be in December and a half. So, of course, in terms of product or product breakthroughs, it might seem a bit similar if there were friends who came to watch it last year. That's what I think it's all about. I hope everyone can go to this place because we really have a lot of things here.

So we hope that you will not be disappointed. From the first time you can see our product line, how many product lines. The part of the product line will be at the end, because today we will divide it into three parts, we will first introduce our product line. We have a lot of new friends.

So let me introduce you to a few major milestones of the company since its inception. Then the company's current overview. Then the second part we will go to a more careful part of the product. Then let's take a look at some of the more important financial figures. But as I just mentioned, I believe that everyone has already seen them on the internet. Well, then we'll get into today's topic.

The two founders were studying and working in Germany in the 1980s. It was a bit more special experience in that era. Because at the time, it was more likely that more people would choose to study or work in English-speaking countries. At that time, I believed that Germany had a very rigorous attitude and those insistence on industrial technology.

We were founded in 1998 by the two co-founders we just mentioned. Then we can see in the middle what we say above the product line. Of course, our company also invested in several market areas that we think are very important. Then we set up a subsidiary.

And of course, there is a time when it is important for the company and 2012, that year we were officially listed. Then in 2020, there was the rebirth of the cabinet. That is, in 2020, it was worth the technology to officially become a listed company in Taiwan. Here we specifically marked this year, because in 2018, it was worth investing a lot of energy in this research and development. In this smart manufacturing whether it is the development of hardware or software.

That's why we've been working on the development and manufacturing of high-end applications since our inception. That's what we've been working on a couple of hours to launch our new development plan, which is part of our new product line. That's what we all know is what we're talking about right now, so let's take a look at the company's structure.

Then all of the main processes were done in the head office. That was when I first mentioned that my company had a few important blocks in our mind, and in Asia, Europe, and America, we all have subsidiaries. Of course, in addition to our own subsidiaries, we have a lot of dealers who work very closely together for a long time.

We are located in Tainan Science Park, Taiwan. The main process of all the wire rails just mentioned is basically still in Taiwan's Science Park, or in our area in southern Taiwan. Then I believe that if there is a friend who is interested in the value of the legal person, it may not be strange for us to expand in the new factory.

The part of the factory was also started. The factory was mainly because I just mentioned that our product line had different product lines. It was just mentioned at the time of the major milestone that we started from the first slide, and we are more familiar with starting from the first slide. The product line in the center has different product lines.

Of course, we also developed other products such as the first motor. Then we got up to develop the drive controller, etc. There was a cultural activity product drawback. It was around the end of 2010 that we started to integrate. That is to integrate all of these mechanical products with electromechanical products and modularize them. So at that time, we officially became the supplier of the second system.

So most of the limited-code module assembly is done together in a number of shares. That's what I said in the number two factory, and in fact, the last time I mentioned in the law, this factory we have one, not just that we may all go through the factory, and want the main body to improve the productivity of this thing.

We want to present an automated and intelligent production line here. So here, we want to combine all of our own products. We have our own parts of the machine, and then there are other parts of our product line, we will also use our just talked about robots, and we may have just talked about this part of the software PLC to combine.

And of course, because of the software PLC part, we have already been testing in our current field, and then the results are very good. So it will also be used in our new factory. So from the automation above the equipment to this smart management is the factory management of the intelligent, we want to use our own products to achieve it. Then again, let's talk about some of the subsidiary companies we just talked about in the United States, where we are in the U.S., California, Ontario, and then in the case of China, we still choose this industrial town, old in Germany.

That is why Germany is very close to other countries, so it is a very convenient location on the traffic, a city called Goldmaringen. The last or before has already mentioned us, because of the relationship between uh space, so also in Germany or in Europe is also ready to make a new investment. It is probably 20 minutes in the new factory, and then we have bought our new place, and then we have already talked to the contractor, and so on, the economy is not stable. So I think we will choose the best time to do this new factory when we evaluate.

And of course, there is also the library, and then there will be some final parts of the processing. The reason why we are here is because we actually participate in the exhibition, which has been a very important marketing platform for technology. Of course, it is not only marketing is also a very important platform for us. We also because of our new product relationship, so we tried a lot of different, from the past to the present, some new themes of the exhibition.

So I think we will continue to develop in this direction, which is also a very important marketing platform for different topics around the world. So of course, we are just talking about it now, and we are currently exhibiting at Timtoos, where our headquarters is Q0824. Then I know that there should be a seat, but a lot of people have visited our booths. So if you haven't been there yet, there are also friends of legal people, because there are also tomorrow and there are also, of course, many of our actual exhibits there, or actually this is not just an exhibit, but our products are there, and we can give you a more intuitive explanation of the above. So if you are interested, you can come back to our booth tomorrow and see it again.

That's why we don't only have a micro linear guide, but our R&D team is based on it, and we've expanded to a full range of linear guide. So we're now measuring from size2, which is the smallest size we can mass production, because we've been able to produce it. It's not that simple, but that's what you can do for a month or two. And that's why we're miniaturizing this thing, not just miniaturizing the design, we also think about the process, so we're making it a very special process, and then simplifying it.

So there is a big advantage in this mass production. So we now from twomm to size55, that is, the 55mm part of the slide model 55, we have that ball type, the roller roller type, is more rigid requirements will be used in this linear slide, then we just mentioned in the end of the linear slide, we will start to develop the electromechanical components, and then developed this linear motor, the iron coreless and rotational torque motor.

But since the introduction of these two products later, it really is very different from the previous product, so we now divide it into three product lines. The only thing we mentioned is the cpc cells, the cpc our cpc robot is our micro six-axis robot. We launched both the collaboration type and the industrial S0 and DB0 parts. The two robot arms are the smallest robots on the market. Then cpc studio, is our software-only product PLC.

The product has been extended to cross sticks, which we all know is that it's been almost two years.

This is not to say that we have not been improving on our CPC Cell. We actually have been promoting our CPC Studio's linear slides even for the part of our very mature product line. We have been listening to the needs of our customers, especially the customers of this Tintos many of the machine tools, they have no different needs, or we should do something else to improve.

But cross rails are also because of the needs of the customers in the United States, they have always wanted us to push such applications, and then we talked with him a lot of the details, and introduced the cross rail product. The cross rail is actually a, it is a, it is also the same as the linear slide is the transmission atomic rail, but its itinerary is relatively short, if your itinerary is short, but you have a higher load requirements, or you have a high operating accuracy, the cross rail will be a very good choice.

That's why I just mentioned that cross-rails do not reflow its desks because of the relationship of the process, but it does not reflow in the case of a long time, scrolling down or sliding under it, sometimes a bit off its original position. That's to prevent such a thing, we also have a special patent, we use a gear in the middle to prevent this slip, this happens. The cross-rails are actually very widely used in this area, such as an optical detector, an optical workbench, or a microscope, etc. So now the size is 2, that is the roller, the diameter is twomm, and we have plans to develop a full range of sizes in this product line.

I would like to point out that in the beginning I just mentioned how this product line came to be with the needs of our customers, so I believe that in a smart manufacturing factory, we can start with the power of such a demand, and then communicate with our R&D team to understand and develop later, I think that it is a very competitive part of our research and development, and I think it is worthy of such a very competitive part of our research and development capabilities.

The OT layer of control is very important to these bases of data interception, because after the interception, you can go to the top, then do the transfer, then he can do the following analysis. Maybe, I understand that in this PPT, we said OK our CPC Cells application will be where then we in the software PLC what plan for it, our small arms, small arms will play a role in what role.

Now there are a lot of people doing it, but the robotic arm is actually a medium-sized robotic arm. That's what they're doing now, and that's what they're doing instead of labor. That's fine with further automation, we say, because automation isn't just a whole handling process, and it's going to be the assembly process. Then we're good at it, and we feel that space next to it will be a big, important topic.

Or, if you are already equipped, of course, you have to work together to do the robotic arm. Or, if you are in the same space, I can put two robotic arms, why should I put only one. Then, of course, small arms also have energy-saving, which is more energy-saving. So I think in a few issues, we will go to the micro robotic arm to develop. Then I hope that it can be more precise, do a lot of precision moves on the assembly.

So, of course, it's a quick introduction to our product line, and we also have our range of services. That's the core of the technology that we have now, just as I've always emphasized, has been expanded from the suppliers of this potentially crucial component to the entire arm as the core, we can provide a complete solution. That's what I believe is expected of the market, we will also carry out, with the application of the software, as well as our system integration services, to provide a complete solution to our customers.

It is true, and the origin of the arms or the beginning of the beginning, there will be the relationship between the automobile industry. But in addition to the automobile industry, we have a lot of different products. We are all around now, and now we have, I believe that the legal person also has, this may be computer, 3C products. Because now we all need, or mobile phone, etc., but in such a small product line, we find that automation is very low.

That's why I think we need our micro-robots to go further. That's what we just mentioned, like the PCB's circuit boards, automation on the assembly, the overall automation is very low, or very labor-intensive. We've just always mentioned that we want our arms, because he's very small, so we position them in his precision.

That's why we want our arms to be so small that we can do something more delicate. For other than the automotive industry, we just talked about the factories that are relatively small, industrial automation. Then there is the automation of the factory in the assembly above.

This is why we say that it is difficult to replace, is really to do the end, because he has eyes in addition to the part of the hand, so the end of the whole replacement, why has been so difficult. But the work of people, of course, will still be big, this derivative of the problem is that quality may be more unstable part. There is another big problem that we will be facing eventually, is the problem of lack of work.

This is the reason why he is a special machine, he has only one task. His advantage is that he can be very high, he can increase his production. Because he can be fast, because he has only one task. But the good thing is that he is very flexible.

So there is a problem with the two production lines, that is, the cost of the configuration on the space is very high, he doesn't need a certain space configuration. So, we combine these two, people's flexibility and follow you, but do you still need to increase your production? And the stability of the quality. The two of us combined these two advantages, then it is worth developing a new way of assembly, that is, we call him a one-stop automated assembly.

Just here are some of the icons, I just said, some of the more important things we will see, can be assembled here. It's like I just said, we try to combine the advantages of two different product lines, assembly process. So he not only retains the flexibility of human assembly, he also has the high and stable quality of automation, and then we will actually have a video to see him.

A little more real size his entire configuration is very compact. So I wanted to mention a very important issue in spatial utilisation. It can bring a whole new solution. This is our company's most recent patent project.

This is where you can see that there are very different, very different parts and different forms of parts. We don't have too much in the assembly area, too many words, and then the feeding method is also the feeding area that can be removed. This way you can change the material you want to enter according to the user's needs.

So in fine action and I mentioned that there are really very different parts in industrial computers. So what we do is that we change our heads for different parts, so we call it the automatic tool change system. We also have vision with AI, which is why we can greatly reduce the dependence on line play to avoid this thing that is too special. We use AI to identify objects, so we can achieve it and see where to do it.

You can also see this robotic arm several times, add a map, according to the part that is currently being executed, sometimes it is sucking, or sometimes it is in the way of clamping. Locking screws this process, is actually a process that is often encountered on the assembly. So we also put the screw thing, developed a lock screw system, and put it directly on our assembly machine. According to the size of the screw you may need, even the shape, we can, is placed in this automatic locking screw system, and then do the replacement.

In fact, everyone in the plug-in here, where shows the work of the plug-in. In fact, in the plug-in here, you can see that there are many different parts size and even depth, etc. We have to cooperate. Then back to the development of their own or with some partners to do the development of the plug-in above the plug-in.

In the future, the company will continue to strengthen the product development of AI machine vision. Then let the robot can break through the process that may not be possible in the past. The work to strengthen the depth of learning allows us to make our own arms in the application of the market can be wider and deeper. Then I believe that we are ready to welcome the next AI robot in the market is going to be widely used and widely used.

We have been working with the National Space Center, and there are different projects. It is like interviewing the central control center system of Ah, or optometry for low-track satellites, the development of the Nexus, and the collaboration of the future rocket propellers. Those I believe can all be together to strengthen Taiwan's autonomy in the new project, which is the technology propagation. In fact, some of these projects are not as large as the propagation of the rocket, but the direct supply of our existing components, which is part of the system, but the development of the system.

It is very difficult to enter the space industry, but I think, and you usually have to test the environment, it is very difficult. Through our cooperation with the space center, we can also provide this automation of the product technology, let us in, this time we have a relatively narrow application project, we have a big breakthrough in the past. That was last year we also invited space center exhibition, then we went there to show, in fact, not only with our own space center, we have a lot of contact with other other companies that may be space space.

And of course, the strength of our automatic control is because there are some other countries in the space center. Not some units will participate in space, and then there will be a lot of attention at that time. Then there will be new collaborations this year. The theme is actually this, the software hardware needed to launch low-track satellites for development. Then we will talk about the financial report.

In 2024, we could actually see that the proportion is linear, especially micro, the largest proportion is large, but also growth. The limit is also the same. So, although the overall economy will be affected, I think we still have a very robust way of growing.



We also use AI technology to allow robots to learn autonomously in these dynamic environments, and to slowly optimize his movements to enhance his ability to adapt, no matter in any environment. These are the next big future prospects for us, in this part of the robot. However, I hope that we are now focusing on the development of the brain with others, and we focus on the development and development of the brain.

So I don't have to say that I'm developing my brain, and I'm obviously just focusing on developing my brain. I really need to build a dry part of this just talking about the physical area, and that part of him can work with us. This is probably the case.