

<think> Ok, now I need to process the scripts provided by the user and organize them into paragraph format. First, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task. The user emphasizes that nothing can be deleted, rewritten, or condensed, only the punctuation of the punctuation, line and paragraph can be adjusted to maintain the original sequence and meaning. At the same time, the punctuation must be completed using Chinese full-form punctuation and fill the appropriate punctuation at the end of the sentence.

First of all, I read through the whole transcript to understand the general structure and topical changes of the content. It looks like the content mainly involves copper price fluctuations, company turnover analysis, market strategy adjustments, and global economic impact. Next, I need to identify the parts of each speaker, if there is a speaker identification (such as the "host:"), that need to be retained. But in this case, it does not appear to be a clear speaker identification, so it may not be necessary to handle this part.

"At the same time, pay attention to the accuracy of the numbers and terminology, such as "April 2", "LMV", etc., cannot be changed. Then, I will combine the continuous sentence into a natural segment, according to the subject change segment. For example, the parts of the copper price fluctuation can be combined into a section, the turnover analysis another paragraph, the market strategy adjustment another paragraph, and the global economic impact another paragraph.

For example, "[592. 32-594. 32] also earns this wave" requires a proper connection to the subsequent sentence to form a coherent paragraph. At the same time, checking if there are duplicates or places where the punctuation is needed to adjust the punctuation, such as the "branched copper sheet" may need to be separated by a gallon number. Finally, read the entire finishing text and make sure that there is no missing content, the punctuation is correct, the paragraph separation is reasonable, and that all sentences are separated in the original order, and the subject switch is separated by empty lines.

So this year, it should be ready, to make a big profit, have gone to 9700. Then because of the April 2nd, peer tariffs, and then began to come down, that last issue is 9100, now there is a reply, about May, should be leaked to 9500, probably, it is now this. That is, copper, if you are ready, about a year, if you can make two waves, the ups and downs you want to avoid, then the first wave of this year has earned a month, and then is pulled down immediately, and now a reply.

So why is that? It was last year, I didn't catch that wave, that ECWA before, that continent's market, and since then, ECWA stopped, we lost more than four hundred, so it looks like it should be said last year is particularly good, this year is flat, but hope, we have the hope, we have to think back, about two methods, one is that TOTO all of the copper is about to maintain the same amount, but the copper wire is less to transfer it to the power cable, that is, if there is a loss of 400 million here, should be 400 million from the power cable, this is your turnover idea. In the future, we will continue to make changes to the global economy, which is very uncertain, even now, because it is equal to the global trade, that is, the global manufacturing and supply chain, which is less than the line, which is also uncertain, then the whole financial market, whether from the U.S. Treasury and U.S. Treasury exchange rate, then from the U.S. Treasury and U.S. Dollar exchange rate, this is a big mess, after the global chaos, this inflation rate will certainly rise, the entire consumer confidence index has been down, the global economic growth should be down, see who is only the more severe down, or some goods down is more serious, the situation is in March. It seems to be profitable to come to business this year, but the whole same with our entire team of reports and consultants see, the same mineral sand is really cut, TCRC has paid to 70, that picture has told you more than a year, the same is cut, no one listens to enter, is the same is cut, I want to buy, I hope it is more than A, but if the day is reverse, that may be more than 10,000, so this market seems to have been guessed, so we still to stabilize the switch to power cable to do more, I came to see the power cable, power cable now we divided it into rubber low pressure and ultra high pressure, the rubber part, the first quarter of this year is 1476 million, the same period is 3, it seems to decline, about 20,054 million, and I will add, this time, I have not changed, I have not first adjusted, the most wonderful is the low pressure pressure back.

In the first quarter of this year has been set up before, so the first quarter of this year has been set up, so our low pressure is 6 billion 1679 million, the same period last year is 4 billion 3622 million, the same period has increased by 1 billion 8, an increase of about 40 percent. Then again is the medium pressure, the medium pressure is likely to be 3 billion 4165 million sales, the same period last year is 3 billion, the increase is about 345 million, in fact, it should be said that this year's DQ is particularly good, the opposite of the last year's DQ is especially bad.

This is why he said his generator set, because the generator set needs to be wiring with rubber, it is soft to wiring, then it can be wiring, then the generator set out after the power plant will be connected to our high pressure 345 or 161, then the factory will use this time to update the rubber press, the current order is 100 million, in the second half of this contract will start to enter the river, one of the three in the focus of this contract, so this is a coking situation, how not to say that there is no order to cut the pressure, really is still going to catch the gas. Then it is worth mentioning that the rubber is very slow and then gradually become the competition before the company, so we should change the domestic expulsion machine, this part of the rubber, and this is a more important part of the new component, and we want to buy this new energy, this new energy, and this is a new energy, so we will continue to buy this new energy, and the new energy, and the new energy, and the new energy, and the new energy, and the new energy, so, and the new energy, so we will update, this is the new energy, and this is the new energy, and this is the new energy, and this is the new energy, and this is the new energy, and the new energy, and this is the new energy, and the new energy, and the new energy, and the new energy, so we are the new energy, and the new energy, the new energy, and the new energy, and this is the new energy, this is the new energy, and this is the new energy, so we, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, this is the new technology, and the new energy, and the new energy, so we, and the new energy, and the new energy, and the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, so we, the new, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, the new energy, so we,

We hope that we won't be smart now, the current cumulative order has 1.4 billion, that is, when we fixed this strategy before the end of last year, we started to punch in fact from the second month of the first month of the second month, and now continue to punch, so now there are 1.4 billion such orders in our hands, such orders seem to last 30 months or 30 months.



The last one is about big red green, the last one is about big red green, it's really big red green, it's actually four days, it's actually four days, red 20%, the middle 20%, the middle 20%, the middle 20%, the high pressure 20%, the high pressure 20%, the low pressure 20%, the low pressure 20%, this is here.

This is how high pressure and medium pressure are supposed to be. Well, that's fine. The above is probably reported here. Look at the guests, there's nothing to ask, there's nothing to ask, or there's nothing to ask, or see.

As long as the air and sea water are smooth, as long as the air and sea water are smooth, as long as the water is smooth. In the first quarter, as seen in the first quarter, it is not necessarily the same as the first quarter, but now we see it. There is the service of insulation, there is the service of insulation.

Controlled service, controlled service. It looks better this year and looks better this year. Not the best, not the best. This year is the best, this year is the best. This year is the hope, this year is the hope. The bill has our support, the bill has our support, and the bill has our support.

There will be more, thank you.