<think> Ok, now I need to process the script of the user and organize it into paragraph format. First, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to make sure that the task is fully understood. The user emphasizes that nothing can be deleted, rewritten, or condensed, can only adjust the punctuation, line change, and paragraph merge, while keeping the original order and meaning.

In addition, it is necessary to fill the appropriate punctuation at the end of the sentence using Chinese full-form punctuation. It is not possible to change lines in the same paragraph, only with empty lines, each section recommends 3-6 sentences, subject to change. Next, I need to check the textual content provided. It looks like this is the opening and financial report of the corporate briefing, including timestamps and speech content.

First, I need to remove timestamps as users do not require to keep them. Then, merge the contents of a sentence into a natural segment, paying attention to the originality and order. For example, there are multiple short sentences in the beginning, and a coherent paragraph needs to be merged, while complementing the punctuation mark. During the process, it is necessary to pay attention to the identity of the speaker, such as "Operator Pan Shaoping" etc. These need to be retained. At the same time, financial data and professional terms must be accurate and cannot be changed.

In addition, the user mentions allowing adjustment of the punctuation and line change, but must use a full-form punctuation, such as periods, commas, etc., and make sure that the punctuation is correct at the end of each sentence. Next, I need to process the content by paragraph. For example, there are several short sentences in the opening section that need to be merged into a paragraph to ensure smooth. The data and analysis of the financial part needs to remain in the original order, but it may be necessary to adjust the punctuation of the punctuation to enhance readability.

In the process of processing, there may be some challenges, such as how to deal with repeated sentences, such as "that average of our revenue in recent years is about to fall below 1.6 billion", need to confirm whether the user wants to keep duplicated content. According to the user's requirements, can not delete anything, so it is necessary to keep repeating sentences and pay attention to the merger during finishing to avoid redundancy. In addition, attention to timestamp errors, such as in the transcription text has a timestamp, such as "[148. 32-152. 36] 2023 This radio business is closed", but the user's original content may be written, such as "the radio business" is correct, but can only adjust the format according to user's requirements, so it is necessary to keep the original.

</span><span class="orgFullName-prefix">Church of Scientology</span> <span class="orgFullName-suffix">Church of Scientology</span> <span class="orgFullName-suffix">Auckland</span>

Thank you. [58. 34-71. 98] First of all, let's talk about this disclaimer, please read it for yourself. Next, here is the outline of today's tax syllabus, divided into four parts. The first is some of the most important things we have in the first half of this year, and the second is the outline of our tax syllabus.

The second point is the financial performance of our Q1 earnings this year, and the third point is for our people, that is, for the electric industry, and that is the future of our speech. [102. 88-111. 92] First of all, this is the first half of 2025. In 2025, we have arranged a financial performance. The second point is that we have purchased and installed a new analogue generator. It not only enhances our efficiency, but also has this energy saving and noise reduction effect, which allows our field colleagues to have a more friendly production environment. [148. 32-152. 36] After the electric field operation ended in 2023, we have been actively changing this plant to use it here in our electric industry.

We have already completed the construction of our package, and we are about to enter the space-time stage. Then we have been involved in this ninth edition of the Ministry of Economic Affairs National Industrial Innovation Award. Then, according to the regulations of the competent authority, our company belongs to complete the greenhouse gas inventory by the end of 2026 and then to complete the external inspection by the end of 2028. The group part is each, I just said this time of the year, and that part we have done early. [200. 62-203. 22] On March 24, this year, we have officially obtained the results of our 113-year greenhouse gas inventory, so this part we have done early. Then we will also launch the ISO501 energy management system to continue to promote our energy saving and energy management to achieve the social responsibility of the company.

That said, we are also actively promoting our solar panels in our company's various plants. That's up to the end of last year, our total capacity set was 1363kW, which was a total of $973 million for the entire year's electricity bill. That's the highlight of our first half of this year. [268. 32-270. 32] The part of our financial performance, the first part of our financial performance, is to see that we have nearly three years and our first half of this year's rice-reduction profit table.

In the first two years of the industry, we can see some better performance than the previous two years, and the outside performance of Q1 is not quite as good. The place is mainly the evaluation of our investment business, which is mainly affected by this stock market some of the ups and downs. [333. 32-339.32] The overall EPS of our first quarter was 0.6 per share, which is the same as last year. However, if we see a comparison of the more detailed amount, the performance of our first quarter of this year's operating profit is better than last year's, and the outside part of the industry has just mentioned a bit worse than last year's performance, but the two are the same, we's profit per share and after tax selection, the profit per share is similar to the proportion of the previous year. [371. 32-374. 32] Let's take a look at some of our Q1 of this year's revenue from 2022, including net earnings, including net revenue, gross profit, the average, the average, the average of the lower than the amount of our revenue of the year's, which is slightly below, which is slightly below, and the lower than the lower than the lower than that of our customers.

This is where we see a slight increase in our Q1 in 2025 and assets, compared to the end of last year, which is a slight increase from 86.6 billion to 91.65 billion. In addition, we are more likely to notice a decrease in our cash and approximate cash. The main reason for this is that we have a significant increase in revenues and inventory due to the progress of our clients. So we will continue to speed up our progress, and coordinate our revenue recovery with our clients as quickly as possible, and also reduce our inventory. [422.32-32-45.32] And that is the other part of the debt ratio, the average of our previous years is about 11 12%, the first quarter of the year has come to 22 percent, but we believe that this is also a normal level.

[506. 32.508. 32] Let's take a look at some of the main financial parables. The overall view of our financial parable should be that our financial situation is relatively sound, but it is also certain that this flow is also within a reasonable range compared to the previous years, which we believe is still a decline. That is, our revenue turnover rate and inventory turnover rate are showing a downward trend, which has just been mainly influenced by the progress of our customers' projects, resulting in an increase in revenue and inventory, which we will continue to work on, and lower our revenue and inventory levels as soon as possible. [565. 32. 32.] The above is the explanation of our finances.

First of all, we have a competitive advantage in the power industry on the market, and that is our first point.

Our products are also very complete. We are in the middle of civil engineering, as well as very high-voltage cables, as well as all kinds of power plants such as fire and hydraulic wind, our performance rate is also a place. Our quality is also well supported by customers. In addition, we can also provide a complete technical planning and staff with drug services.

In this regard, I hope you all feel like you can drive with us and feel very organic. Deborah, you are a small buyer, you should be afraid of people, not yet, but also continue to develop and innovate. Including our transmission chair cables, we are now able to provide this middle-class cable with anti-rain and rain proof. And it is also like our heat-resistant cables, PPC5000 cables, we are one of the first companies to launch 5000 cables on the market.

The second part is the PVC, the PVC part is about 20% in the whole year, and the first quarter is about 18% in the year. The other part is the relatively small, such as the FRLSNH, which is the part of Nelle DN5, which is 3% in the year, and the first quarter is 1%. The part of the SILSTRAN is about 3 to 4%.

Some of the communications are currently relatively small, others include some raw materials engineering, etc., which accounts for about 7%. This is a combination of our sales products in recent years. Finally, let's take a look at the future of our business.

In the first part of the electric power industry, the first part of the government's energy transition policy is to support the government's energy transition policy, as well as the development of Taiwan's power grid. In the second part of the development business, we are mainly in two directions, the first is in response to the development of the company's business, which helps to develop the land we may need in the manufacturing industry. The second part of the development business is the part of the investment property, including some of the things we currently have in the market to assess its future development, as well as the return on investment.

In the long-term strategy we will continue to focus on the structural growth, with the trend of this structural growth, which in this section we will improve our asset allocation, which we will try to make as much as possible with a more flexible strategy, but also focus on risk control, which is the principle of this year's more uncertain international environment, hoping to seek our steady income, compared to our long-term capital growth balance. The final conclusion is that this year so far, the entire international economy has been quite large in political changes, including tariffs and geopolitical factors, so our overall economy currently looks uncertain or quite high.

He is the One who is the source of our salvation, the One who is the source of our salvation, the One who is the source of our salvation, the One who is the source of our salvation, the One who is the source of our salvation, and the One who is the source of our salvation.

Then it will happen. Keep an eye on the changes in copper prices. After all, this is the copper in the wire and cable industry. It's a big part of our cost battle.

We will continue to do this, and pay more attention to it, and then reduce our risk.

If this is not the case, thank you for your visit.