This is the first time that we are going to talk about this year, and today we are going to talk about the operation of the company in 2024. Our disclaimer is that we are basically based on some financial information, and then there are some explanations of the company's current operation, so there is no obvious or implied is any predictive information, that is the next part, we are looking at the financial situation of the first quarter after us. Well, that is the basic introduction of the company, then our stock code is 1618, the income capital and 19.27 billion, we at the end of the year the number of labor is 217 people, our main production base is Taoyuan Guanyin Industrial Zone. Well, it is also our main product cross-line cable, cross-line PE cable is the most important part of the high-voltage cable, and the 69KV cable, and we are the most of the ultra-high-voltage cable is the continuation of the cable.

That's why we're talking about this year with 113 years and 112 years of revenue change, which is not much change, the part we look at the biscuits is actually the same as the part of the biscuits are the main selling products, the glue and cable just the previous product category has said, it contains high-pressure cable, that is, 6 to 35KV cable, and 69KV ultra-high-voltage cable, 65KV or more of these cables, both of these cables. The 113 years of ultra-high-voltage cable and cable is its proportional to 67%, and that's the proportion of its sales is about 20%, so the proportion of the company's revenue is higher than the previous year. 38 billion, that is, the 112 years of growth 386%, the main reason is that when we were 112 years old, we recognized that the number of fees for a plant was 3.3.6 billion, that the plant was mentioned earlier, we have a plant because of the older age, so we removed it, and then demolished the part of it, we are now used as a warehouse, that storage is used for the storage of such a large cable, such as an ultra-high-voltage cable, and it is used for its packaging, we are the use of the quality assurance test, that this is the 112 years of a reported loss, that the amount is likely to fall at 3964 million.

Well, that sums up the reason that we are just talking about the growth in the industry because of the increase in the number of high-voltage cable parts delivery, so this profit growth, then the industry is just said three reasons, so that the total amount of gross profit in 113 years and the amount of gold after the current period is a significant proportion of 112 years is a significant increase, we are 120 years BPS is a big increase of 3.71 years of this kind.

Then again, that's our profit for nearly five years. That's what we're seeing. The EPS of a combined company is probably a bit slow. A region to see above is that we've had a big increase in 113 years.

The powerful grid plan of Taipower. That's because it's probably started from 112. That's why the kinetic energy started out. So we also received the customer's delivery notification. That's with the number of cables delivered. Then the proportion of revenue increased.

So, in that part of the gross profit and gross profit margin. It will be clearly reflected in this profit and loss situation. That is what we see now. This profit performance is shown. That is the same as it is again. Like our cable industry, we are faced with competition.

It's what we want to do in the future. It's a state of discovery. We're probably talking about our users' friends. There's a story about our earnings. In the 113-year-old earnings report. We have a regional information disclosure.

That's in this information disclosure. The majority of the total company's sales market is based on the domestic market. That's roughly 95% of the total revenue. That's 95% of the total turnover.

Mainly from the power of Taipower. This part of the strong grid plan is driven by this part. That is, of course, the part is that one is the material sales of my cable. There is also the sale of accessories. There is also the service of this follow-up project.

This revenue comes from the company. That is, the company is the main source of profits and revenue in the coming years. We will talk about this. That is, we will continue to pay attention.

That's part of the international market. That's what we're talking about right now. That's just what we're talking about. That's the part of the American market that's part of the regional information. That's what the American market is talking about.

The share of revenue is 113 years. Around one percent. That's for the combined company. It's not a big impact. So, it's probably not going to have a big impact on our revenue.

That's what customers in the U.S. say. We don't currently hear from customers who have delayed orders. We're all in the normal shipping too. But there's no current issue with tariffs. We're also continuing to track this issue. That's how we keep our customers' attention to what's going on.

That's the current situation. That's what the company said in 114 years. We expect it to be our future. It may be 113 years of operation. We expect to continue with a stable level.

Some new ones, some new ones, some new ones.

Market development. Or a new client. We will continue to work on it. Think of it as being unable to find a new market. Then develop some new results.

Then there is a better outcome. Share this with all of your shareholders and investors. That's the briefing for today.

I'm going to join the tournament today and thank you all for your support.