First of all, I would like to thank you for your participation in the Taiwan Everlight Chemical Industry Co., Ltd. corporate briefing session. The meeting is now open.

First of all, I would like to introduce you to today's attendees: Mr. Chen Weiwang, General Manager, and Mr. Wen Guobin, Chief Financial Officer. Next of all, I would like to explain the operation status of 2024. Mr. Wen Guobin, the Chief Financial Officer, explained the operation status of 2024. Mr. Chen Weiwang, the Chief Financial Officer, and the investment advanced everyone, then I would like to report the overall operation status of 2024, and the results of the merger of 2025 in the first quarter of 2025.

The following is the part of our business revenue ratio, then the inner circle is the part of our revenue ratio in 2023, then the outer circle is the part of 2024, then we can see from the different business revenue ratio in 2023, then the color portion is about 40%, that this year fell to about 37%, then the specialization is at least 25%, in the electric part is a relatively large growth, from 17% in 2023 to 21%, the carbon portion is about 15 percent, the pharmaceutical part is up to 3%, is the two-year revenue ratio of the business. 3% yield slightly improved, but in fact, compared to a couple of years ago, we were two-digit profit margin perspective, which has a lot of space to catch up with.

We have a strong environmental protection product to optimize the product portfolio sales structure of large customers, the impact of U.S. counterpart tariffs, although not directly sold to the U.S., but the U.S. is still the main final market of our various color products, the stock market effect is not light, so the color team is strictly waiting, we strictly control receivable accounts, worry about the risk of reimbursing customers at all levels of our downstream customers, if there are difficulties in operation, there is a risk that there will be the risk of recurrence of payment. In addition, our global sales department is very perfect, the order may be adjusted between different countries, we will adapt to the changes in the market, flexible scheduling.

In addition, we will start a cooperation program with the international industry to complement the capacity and avoid the risk. The telephone business in 2024 revenue is nearly 1.7 billion, growth 28%, profit 1 billion, 10%, compared with the previous year increased by 60 million, growth momentum mainly from the foundry business, this so-called international manufacturer, our chemical and electronic chemicals industry, international peers, our independent product promotion, our focus will be in the semiconductor-related materials, back-end packaging parts, FOPLP RDL light group, in addition to the post-packaged PSPI materials, the impact of U.S. tariffs, we have not yet sold, but because this pressure from the U.S. requires the manufacturing industry to move to the U.S., will allow us to accelerate the possibility of downstream supply.

The impact of U.S. peer tariffs. U.S. market demand is increasing. Because China is our main competitor in the U.S., they are urgently looking for alternative sources. Then the global scale of supply and demand is bound to worsen.

Above. Thank you. The next live question is hosted by the general manager Wang Xiaoming. There is a general manager for us. If you have any questions about Everlight in advance, welcome to raise your hand. We go to the staff next to you and we will deliver the microphone to you.

When you ask a question, please tell us what you think of the company you represent and your name. That's all welcome to ask. Thank you for your kind words. I'm Mr. Chen, who attended Zhao Feng's lecture. Then I'd like to ask you about the toner business.

What are some of the related processes that can be developed? Is that the process can be shared with us? There is also a part of the telephone business that refers to the localization of the United States supply. I would like to ask you what is the progress of this piece? Above, thank you. Mr. Chen asked two questions.

The first is to buy toner in the U.S. because you want to invest in the U.S. and look for alternative sources in the U.S. That is why the demand for our products is increasing. This part of our channel in the U.S., including our own business, as well as our downstream customers, is actively working on. We have stock in stock, and we take advantage of this 90-day delivery period, and in fact, we have a lot of stock in the U.S... That is the possibility of e-chemical acceleration assessments in the U.S., and we start the assessment. While there is no real-time action in a year, the assessment will accelerate.

Hello. I just mentioned the second quarter in the report. The second quarter is the second quarter.

There are a few situations where we can see, and then this is probably what we have to say. Thank you. Well, this advanced question should not be very good for everyone until the second half of this year. What is the situation by the second quarter, are there some quicksands? There is no such thing as a quicksand effect in the second quarter. There is currently no, but at least there is no saying that the customer wants to be cancelled.

So the second quarter will not be substantially higher than the first quarter, and there is no such phenomenon. Please ask if you have any questions. Third, please tell me. Mr. President, Chief Financial Officer, I am the finance minister of Lin Rui Investment, the researcher of the finance department, my name is Chen. I would like to ask you about your company's greenhouse gas emissions, which is the ESG issue strategy section.

Thank you, Mr. Chan, for asking us about our efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and about the progress of the purchase of green energy levels, we have included our overall carbon reduction targets for 2023 in our plans, and through intelligent production equipment updates, process optimization, and product portfolios, we have developed a roadmap to reduce carbon emissions every year. But the overall goal of reducing carbon emissions by 2030 is still insufficient. So our plan is to look at our own carbon savings as soon as the time approaches, and the gaps are covered by green electricity.

However, early purchases are not very helpful in 2030, as we will wait until the right time to make a one-off decision. We also need to consider external factors, including whether the carbon emission factor of the emissions itself is sufficient, and if there is more power, we can buy less; and the other uncertainty is that the market end of green power supply, the increase or decrease in green levels by 2030, and the price will rise or decrease, all of which are uncertain.

This is a picture of Liu Chu in Red Land. I would like to ask a question about the FOPOP light group for the telephone business. Well, we are talking about electronic chemical products, and this year's focus is on FOPOP-related light group. What is the difference between the other light groups? The basic concept of the chemical design can be extended, and the light source it uses is also the light source of permanent light. The specific formula must be different, because the application is different. What are we waiting for in this one?

Over the past few years, we have been working with ITRI and some panel manufacturers in China. FOPOP and RDL have also been renovating our manufacturing technology, so we continue to practice in product development, if new.

In the past, we sold ultraviolet absorbers, as well as polymer reflux agents, early on, we launched the so-called specifications, the years, the more successful sales, the more we are able to market with our customers, and the more profitable we have to say, because our product portfolio has been adjusted, and we will continue to do product differentiation strategies. Specifically, our products, if chemical products, basically can do it, then they actually do a lot and cheap, if we have no way to get rid of it, we have no way of competition, so we have changed, to do some special specifications, or formula, or for special applications. In addition, like the joint agent, we also launched, with its related HP series of products, which is also a lot of numbers, which can correspond to the requirements of the joint agent it is very special formula, the characteristics of the polymer, which we can have so-called thick, durability requirements, which in life is not difficult to imagine, such as we are at home, or construction glue, joint agent, that before, if there is an impression, everyone will be white, generally yellow, that if you are after the fit, the glue will come out after a long time, will be dirty, not good looking, then now, we want to be transparent, that in the future, do not change, so visually look better, that this is the so-called resistance to yellow, but also to high transparency, but the strength of the bond is very strong, that these requirements are many years in the construction, they are emerging needs, and the new needs, we can develop the corresponding to the field, and such as we are more and more and more.

This is the part that we use, the ingredients in the formula, is the kind that we sell, that is, the good items that we can do in the mainland, and the cheap items that we can do in the present, so we go to the recipe after the recipe, but the cheap ones that we can do in the mainland, turn to us for it, so we can, the better we can do in the mainland, the lower the cost, the lower the value we can create, so it is probably through this conversion.

There are two kinds of people: those who worship the Lord, those who worship Him, those who worship Him, those who worship Him, those who worship Him, those who worship Him, those who worship Him, those who worship Him, those who worship Him, and those who worship Him.

Is there a way for them to be able to do it, and to do it, and to do it, and to do it, and to do it, and to do it, and to do it?

At least I know. For the last two months. It has been common for mainland Chinese businesses to support the central policy. Never go down to the US. I think this atmosphere is pretty obvious.

So we are really asking a lot more. Are there any advanced questions to ask on the site? If not, thank you for your advances. Join us today for a meeting with Everlight. The meeting is now officially over. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to ask.

The management team will stay on the scene after the meeting. Exchange ideas with you. Happy to all of you. Thank you.