<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the user's request to organize the provided transcription fragments into paragraph-based transcriptions. First, I need to read the original content of the user carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the sentence corresponding to each point in time. The user emphasizes that nothing can be deleted, rewritten or condensed, so it must be kept as it is, just adjust the format.

First of all, I will check each timestamp and the corresponding sentence to make sure that there are no omissions or errors. For example, note that there are intervales between timestamps, such as [38. 30-42. 44] and [42. 44-46. 74], which need to be ensured that these sentences are coherent in paragraphs. At the same time, note that some sentences may have small errors in timestamps, such as [38. 30-42. 44] after [42. 44], but whether there is anything else in the middle that needs to be confirmed. Next, I need to arrange these sentences in chronological order and combine them into naturally smooth paragraphs.

In addition, it is important to note that all sentences, including duplicates or possible spelling, mentioned by the user. For example, [302. 08-303. 36] and [303. 36-305. 88] have been duplicated twice and must be retained. At the same time, some sentences may have timestamp jumps, such as [299. 48-300. 20] and [302. 08-303. 36] have an interval between the timestamps, which needs to be checked if there is an omission in the middle, but depending on the content provided by the user, may be a record issue of timestamps, so keep it as well.

At the same time, make sure the format is beautiful, easy to read, and there are no extra spaces or typographical problems. </think> [paragraph type transcription]: We welcome you to listen to the online company briefing session of Sequoia Health Technology. Today, we specially invite Ms. Lin Jingling, the spokesperson of Sequoia, to explain the company's operation and future prospects.

I am Elsa, a spokesperson for Elsa Health Technology. Thank you for your time to attend today's online conference. That first or here I started to make a brief introduction to the company's Elsa Health Technology Group. That was the beginning of our company's strictness. Elsa Health Technology was founded in 1975, and it was probably 50 years since 2025 this year.

We started our own R&D team in 1980 and then designed and manufactured aerobic fitness equipment. Then we also worked with world-renowned fitness equipment companies to help them get started. Since 1996, we started our free brand, and from 1996 to 2025, it has been a transition period for our marketing group.

The first was Fujioki in 2020, the first massage chair company in Japan, and the first brand of massage chair company. We acquired the Japanese company in 2020. That was in 2024 we didn't separate the acquisition, we bought Ballplace, the company's platform, and then its revenue and inventory.

We currently have 40 marketing subsidiaries in 34 countries around the world. In addition, part of the U.S. oil paper company is our distributor to sell the products of the Sequoia Group. In addition, we have about 338 own retail channels around the world. In the United States, there are about 100 of us are such street shops, and there are 8 in Europe.

So we can see that there are more than 200 points in Asia, in fact, it looks a lot, it actually includes the department store inside the counter. The rest of Europe and the United States are probably in the form of street shops selling our products.

The first is our headquarters in Taiwan, and then also the manufacturing of high-end commercial fitness equipment. Like the one we launched last year, the MATRIX brand ANIS series is here in Taiwan. There are two main manufactures in Shanghai, which is currently focused on the manufacturing of mid-level commercial and massage chairs, and key components.

Our second plant in Vietnam is now under construction, and we expect to be able to mass production in the third quarter of 2026, which is our part of Vietnam. The area of Vietnam is probably twice as large as our original plant, which is probably the third quarter, so it is possible to mass production in the third quarter of next year. And that is Osaka, Japan, is Fujiki, where there is a relatively small factory in Wisconsin. Well, let's introduce our Josan group's engineering training equipment.

This part is for commercial use, and the And For gym class, only his price will be cheaper. That's mainly for some people's gym Owners who may feel that he doesn't want to spend so much money to buy Matrix when we have this choice. That's Horion and Ballface, Horion is the brand that originally used our fitness equipment, so we have a lot of Ballface, so we've got this part of the way, so we've just got this part of the way, so now there's only Horion, then there's Ballface, and now Ballface, are all our current home fitness equipment brands in our group. The other part of the massage chair is Fujiyoki and his brand is Synca. Well, we'll update our biggest customers.

That's part of the planet's gym. That's our second largest customer BasicFeed, a publicly listed company in Europe, and the largest chain gym in Europe. Well, that's what he's doing until 2024, and he currently has 1575 gyms and a membership of 4.5 million, and they've previously mentioned that both of them are very different from the planet's gym.

We see BasicFeed now that he has an announce, a new strategy for joining them in the second half of the year. We can also expect him to expand his territory in the second half of the year. That is, if he says this new way of joining and expands smoothly, we think his expansion should be quite fast in Europe.

This year, we felt that this part of his revenue was growing, and YY will be very fast, mainly because of the near half penetration rate of the gym in Latin America, and now he is a state of rapid expansion. The revenue contribution to Sequoia is good, that YY is a growth of about 67 percent, this is the first of our three key accounts, to tell you about his progress. Then let's take a look at some of the results of our 2024 revenue in Sequoia. Let's first look at our 2024 revenue, we can see that our 2024 business volume is about 70 percent, our revenue is about 70 percent, and our household is 20 percent, and that portion of our massage chair is about one percent.

This is partly because of the fact that Bofres started to set the table in May 2024, so in the Bofres part of the house, there was no Bofres contribution in February last year, we saw that 1 February has come in, so this proportion is slightly different from the overall view, we think it should be almost the same, and probably the year-round view should be at a revenue share of 721 such as this. So why not say that in addition to the increase in the use of Bofres part of the house, in fact, we launched the new Mansions, Anis series and Vision products in the commercial part of this year, which was not the same thing as last year. So when we gradually promoted these products to the market, it was also a new revenue share of the new channel, so we thought that the overall revenue ratio should not be much different from last year.

In fact, in our two years, we can clearly see that Latin America has risen from 5% of revenue in 2023 to 7%, which is the impact we have just mentioned is that Latin America's other region's revenue burst rate. Then again, we see that the operating results of the entire year was first seen in the fourth quarter of the year, the fourth quarter of the year EPS is about 2.16, the fourth quarter of the year to 2024 revenue, EPS is about 5.9%, which is good. The first thing we see is that there is some pull-up in the gross margin, the revenue is actually growing, the revenue growth is not the whole of our operating fee rate is actually lower, the 1.7%, so it is not bad for the fourth quarter of the year, the EPS is about 50.

After that, the sea freight will slowly return to a normal state, so that our gross profit margin can gradually rise, even before the outbreak of the epidemic 48.9 This part is even better than the previous part. Here, in addition to the sea shipping costs, we think that the gross profit margin of our entire household is actually going up. So why is our gross profit margin also going up? Mainly because our entire domestic production line has always been pulled up to Vietnam for production? Mainly because the main selling country of our household is in the United States, the United States export from China to the United States, in this distribution of the previous tariffs accounted for 7.5%, but not in Vietnam, in fact, we started to move the domestic production lines after the establishment of the Vietnam plant in 2020, so we actually have a balance of 7.5% in the tariff section, and then added that the manufacturing cost of Vietnam is also relative to Shanghai, so we have a very low cost, so our total price of our gross profit has a significant impact for our second.

However, when we see the fourth quarter, it was about 0.9% lower than the third quarter, which is mainly because we ship to our large customer ratio in the fourth quarter is very high, so because the large customer has a capacity, so he has a lot of words for our gross profit margin will still have a slight impact, so we can see that there is a slight difference from the third quarter, but still stable standing more than 50%.

We are talking about our commercial market, the commercial market now we are fighting the middle black part of it. The MATRIX is our Cole Market, the Cole Market, where you see this picture, and Cole Market, where he is probably about 90% here, because both of them have his own market share. The first is to go to the right, we use the MATRIX brand ANIS series, then we are currently attacking this part, and now we are attacking this part, this part of it is gradually having some effect. We are now seeing Intercontinental in Taichung, he has pulled the high-end equipment, and then in London four seasons he uses the MATRIX brand, so we can see the result.

This is what we are in the commercial part, we use a three-series layout, which is our ANIS series of products, then he started to come out with the weight training equipment, so he is probably only six, but for the high-end gyms should be enough for that. That Vision is what we just mentioned that he is for a relatively inexpensive comparison budget that is not a series of gyms that can be used. Then we are talking about the outlook of the group, now we are the revenue in the last year's performance can also be, that the revenue can be, and that this year's outlook is that we are talking about the new brand we are talking about, we can still continue to develop the whole channel, and the effect of the multi-brand strategy, this part is mainly talking about our original HORIZON with the ball face, what we are going to do next next time, and then we will also have a new product with the same with the new product.

Last but not least is the increase in the gross profit percentage, which we have just mentioned before, from the original 599, 799 to 999, 1299 and 1599, which will probably be a good help to our gross profit margin. That's my presentation today, thank you all for listening. Today, thanks to the Manager Lin for making such a detailed explanation of our tax law, that's what we are going to do today.