Please do not hesitate to subscribe to our newsletter and we will provide you with a full list of our products and services. We will provide you with a free sample of our products and services.

Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Dot column.

Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Dot column.

Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Dot column.

We are talking about a new product that we got certified for this year, for the current event, last month we invited more than 100 doctors, including like Canada Japan, then there are experts in Italy, there are some well-known experts in the mainland, there are about 100 doctors to participate, there are about 30 thousand online, for this year's platform, we have a new category of products to go to the US light series, can also cooperate with us to do sales, for the first half of the year there are still some marketing activities, such as the previous week we have to do a workshop, an international exchange, a workshop, and then do an international exchange, so we will spend more marketing resources this year, and then share with you, we are going to a Brazil one of the biggest exhibitions in May, so this part is that we are just as to go ahead to the South China, is a very, a very important trade fair by the next year. By Region's part is that we can see that last year's Q4 part is this, this is Europe's part, there is a more significant increase in sales, that is, because our team on certification, is Europe's part of the new certification, so in this part, there is a more significant increase in sales, for the Taiwanese market, the US market, China's market, and other Asian markets, is to maintain a relatively stable situation, the current is the direction of the company, and also hope that we are in the global region to expand a situation, we are the region's sales can be relatively balanced, but also to reduce some of the risks of geology.

The above is for some of the financial figures of the company, and some of the basic conditions of the future of the company. Well, now let's look at our cash flow table, there is a statement, there is no problem for you, then if there are any questions, it should be the Taiwan new here will ask you to enter in the Q&A here, then we will sort out the answer to you later. Thank you, Mr. Lee, then this briefing to this paragraph, then the next Q&A, please invest in the advanced version of the Q&A, you can fill in the Q&A function, and we will re-ans the reply. Thank you all.

Thank you very much. I see you have a question about the first investment, so I ask you to post your question, I want you to post and below. Looking back, the investment first into the question, the company's business products, the current growth trend of domestic and foreign sales, what will be the growth momentum in the coming years? Well, this part of the message is, sorry for my little response, we are currently working on it, the main two parts, one part is, the Taiwan market here.

As we will continue to grow in the next year and next year, there will be a trend of new product listing, so this part, we still hold a very chance to grow the absolute value of the Taiwan market, but the other part, we will still be the overseas market, the overseas market is just talking about the part of the southern hemisphere, like this year is Australia is also ready to start shipping, so this part, we believe that the overseas market is a more profitable part of our future.

In addition to the fact that there are many other things we have to do in the past, we also have to do in the future. In the future, our goal is to change the collagen of the zoo from the microbial fermentation method, which is, of course, a relatively high goal, but in the Greater Xinjiang we have to have some V-C base, I believe this is a future trend, including some products like V-C, some diseases, etc., in fact, it is more difficult to verify that this is part of the biobiology.

A good investment in advanced is to ask whether one of the company's large shareholders, Taikoo Plastics, is currently working with some of the company's current cooperation in clinical trials. As with the three clinical trials we have in the past, there are two of them to assist with the implementation of Taikoo Plastics, so this part is what we are working with at present is more of the advantages of their own medical aha or clinical trials, and that this is the niche to do a future development. There is also an investment in advanced inquiry about whether the company's hyaluronic acid or collagen experience collection, which is from inside the company, please ask whether the key raw materials are outsourced or in the company's internal technology.

The first part of the first part is the production energy of collagen, then there is protein content based on the market currently we do some comparison is currently the lowest in the market, so we believe in the market relatively relatively low probability, so the security is high. In addition, we are the product is relatively high in the market, so we have a relatively high degree of elasticity in the market, so we are doing some clinical experiments, or we actually invest in the market is that our product effect can be maintained in a very good state.

This part of the story is that we all work hard to expand the product part, so the certification part and then try to develop the product, that uh is also the product market acceptance gradually improved, and then there is to the overseas development of this part I think is that the uh company's strategic direction is relatively related to the regulation at the moment does not seem too much a specific change, which is more and more strict, so the regulations haven't been done for a while.

Here is a re-arranged paragraph-by-word transcript: [1554. 14-1753. 10] Today's meeting, we first answered a question about the company's number of days of shipping. If the company's products are shipped as an order or as a consignment product. At present, most of us ship as an order, but because we have many own-brand products on the market, we will do some pre-manufacturing, especially during tax breaks or during the season of demand.

Our team is still working hard to improve revenue growth, but the specific figures are not available at the moment. Some people ask why our February revenue went down. uh, we want to talk about this, because most of last year we had more than 30 years of annual-over-year (YOY) growth, so we think there will be a relatively large relationship with the New Year because the part of February we just mentioned about tax breaks and re-opening factories takes some time, so we think it will be more relevant to the New Year.

Therefore, we will wait until the next meeting or the internal discussion of the board of directors to give the updated information. At present, the company is still in the internal discussion, so there is no final decision. So, since there are no other questions online, we will end today, thank you for your investment advanced participation, this meeting.