Today we are going to take a look at the results of the first quarter of 2025 operation. Today's agenda starts with a brief explanation of the financial overview from our finance department's Managing Director, Mr. Stephen Hung, and we will then invite the general manager, Mr. Chen Ruipu, to answer your questions.

In the first quarter of 2025, the operating overview of Chinese paper, on the συπόσσι, you can see our information in advance. Published in the first quarter of 2025, we opened the company in Pakai Chinese paper. We have a production and sales base on both sides, and have not changed as we have reported before. So you can see that there are Hualien factory here, as well as Kaohsiung winery, Taitung factory, and Dingfu factory in Zhaoqing in Guangdong Province, as well as the Guanyin factory in Taoyuan below.

This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Using cookies should enable the user to use certain functions, share on social networks and edit messages and advertisements. By clicking on the “OK” button, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. For additional information, please see our Privacy Policy.

The second question, the exchange rate for us to talk about in the medium and long term, short-term because the income is a short-term effect, for example, if the exchange rate rises in the month, then the income will be reduced, so the short-term is negative; that is the same for the medium and long-term, because the portion of the purchase and sale of the US dollar is almost the same, at the moment it is almost the same. As for the effect of tariffs, I do not comment.

We export to more than a dozen countries around the world, which may not only be related to the United States, the tariffs between countries and the United States will also affect the movement of these sales boards, the currency value is also, not only for the US dollar, the impact of the euro on the currency of the various currencies, the relationship between the country and the country, is a complex situation. So for the profession is advantageous to have, to the end of the time will see this relationship to do a market adjustment, because we are more broad, we go to a dozen countries, to the time will have to make adjustments.

Now there is a reduction in tariffs? Is there a change in those days? The decrease is not a reduction, from high to high, more than 100, that is on the road, because no. 12 10, the more 100 parties will not be OK, it will not move right now, that is, it is such a person, we hope.

This is the best way to do it, and the best way to do it is to do it, and the best way to do it is to do it, and the best way to do it is to do it.

And the third month of the month is the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, and the month of Ramadan.

Because most of the country is in the last two months, the U.S. dollar is rising, but the yuan is not.

As an index, the largest consumer market comes to mind, so its dollar. The index price is in this area. There is a slight decrease because of this factor. The others like Europe and America do not really drop much.

Because the currency value is relative to Beijing, appreciation, but the currency, at least in the last month is different.

Some of the U.S. dollar quotes for some commodities, mainly for this reason, I really don't have anything at all. Too much of the opinion is also unclear at the moment, but this month's situation has fallen.

The current stable this month is a tyranny flat. It is currently a tyranny flat. May flat. May flat. 3, April can fall.

In fact, in March, it has. It has raised 10 bucks, but later the 10 bucks have not been established, so it should be in March if it is flat. That April.

This is how we live in the land of the living, the land of the dead, the land of the living, the land of the living, the land of the living, the land of the dead, the land of the living, the land of the living, the land of the living.

Is there a question to ask if we can follow up with our media friends? If there is one hand, let us go. If not, our spells will see this section today. Thank you for your participation. Thank you.