<think> Ok, now I need to process the verbatim text from the user and organize it into paragraph verbatim text. First of all, I want to read the user's request carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten or condensed, so the integrity of the original text must be maintained. Next, I check the verbatim fragments provided by the user verbatim, paying attention to each timestamp and corresponding sentences.

Usually, when the speaker starts a new topic or topic, a new paragraph should be started. For example, opening, introduction, financial information, corporate structure introduction, etc., these are natural segmentation points. Then, I will check whether there are duplicate or need to merge sentences. For example, when introducing a factory, there are multiple sentences that refer to "mainly in the Southern District of Tainan City", which may need to be merged to avoid duplicate, but not delete anything according to the user's request, so all duplicate sentences must be kept, but the format can be adjusted to make them easier to read.

In addition, it is important to pay attention to the consistency of timestamps to ensure that the timestamps in each paragraph are correct and not missing any part. For example, when introducing an amazon factory, there are several timestamps mentioned in the Southern District of Tainan City, and it is necessary to confirm whether these are necessary, but according to the user's request, everything must be retained.

After completing these steps, I will again compare the original verbatim to make sure that everything is properly preserved without omissions or errors. Make sure that the final paragraph verbatim is both in line with the user's requirements and is readable. </think> The following is a compiled paragraph verbatim verbatim (fully retains all the original content, only adjusts the formatting and paragraph structure):

The meeting will be divided into two parts. The first part will be handed over to the General Manager to update the company's recent operations. The next part will be QA exchanges. We will introduce today's presenter to Mr. Tse Chun-ying. Then we will pass the time to the General Manager.

The first project is the company inspection, which is our basic information, field introduction and product introduction. The second project is our financial information, that is, by the first quarter of this year our two financial statements, one is the consolidated balance sheet, and one is the consolidated consolidated income statement. The third project is the direction of our future development, the main development direction is our Panyuan re-engineering screws, screws, gold wires, etc., close to the direct market users to stabilize our sales channel.

Our second project is our financial information. The second is that we provide a lot of human resources and job opportunities to fulfill our corporate social responsibility. The fourth project is to give you some time to care about our good friends to do some questions and answers. First of all, I report to everyone the first thing, is our company inspection. Our company was founded in 1973, about 52 years ago, a steel mass production stock.

The company's structure is currently one of the three factories, which is located in the southern part of Tainan City. The three factories: the hemp factory, the processing plant, the cold factory in Tainan City. The hemp factory in Guantian District, the cold factory in Tainan City, the hemp factory in Tainan City, the hemp factory is mainly producing spherical and galvanized products. The processing plant is the production of screws, screw heat treatment.

This introduction is mainly to explain to you our upstream and downstream architecture, from our cylinder factory, that is, the upstream to buy small steel embryos, to make our finished products of the cylinder factory. This is equivalent to the raw materials of the hemp factory and the raw materials of our processing factory, sent to the hemp factory and the processing factory to produce a variety of products, including hemp shoes, raw pumping line, black iron wire, palladium wire, galvanized wire. The processing factory is screws, screws, and heat treatment.

Since 2020, about four years ago, it was leased to Taiwan Steel Group's Yisheng Iron and Steel Services Co., Ltd., the lease period is about 10 years, which is about 2030. In 2030, the main purpose of the Guantian plant is to buy the raw materials, which is commonly known as small steel embryos, press into each size of the disk, and then send to the downstream processing and pumping into the customer's need for a variety of wires, as screws or hardware products.

Our equipment can reach 120,000 tons per year, i.e. 10,000 tons per month of equipment production capacity. It is the main production of two main products, the first is the galvanized wire. The galvanized wire is the hardware products that receive these metal products that are pressured into a circle by the Guantian plant. The galvanized wire is the hardware products that are mainly used for the agricultural and livestock industry.

Next, we will introduce the processing plant of our Guantian plant. Our processing plant in Guantian plant was built in 2019, about 6 years from now. The number of employees is about 100. The current capacity of equipment in the screw plant is about 20,000 tonnes a year, that is, about 2000 tonnes a month.

The main difference is that we meet the requirements of the EPA for the whole process of setting up the factory, including the use of state-of-the-art integrated equipment, so that the opening and opening of the EPA for the EPA's requirements in the open water cabinet, so that the opening and opening of the EPA's requirements in the open water cabinet, and the residents of their nearby health, will not cause any damage to health.

This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Using cookies should enable the user to use certain functions, share on social networks and edit messages and advertisements. By clicking on the “OK” button, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. For additional information, please see our privacy policy.

In addition, in the non-current assets, this part includes our out-of-the-box earnings, and also some of our equipment, the most significant increase in non-current assets, the increase in non-current assets is mainly our energy storage plant, the increase in non-current assets is mainly ours, the increase in non-current assets is mainly ours to buy some high-voltage transformers from Delta, and the inclusion of our third-party landscaping, so we have these changes in the non-current assets.

The main source of this comprehensive income statement is about three, three places, the first is our industry Kaneda, the second is the market price change, that is, your inventory cost is high, the market price is low or there are some changes, which will result in an increase or decrease in the total gross profit. In the case of net income, this first quarter of the year compared with the first quarter of the year, the estimated amount is very different, about 70,700,712 million, which is less than 1%. That's the part of the gross profit, that's the big change, the last year is about 68 million, this year is about 21 million, the biggest change is probably two reasons, one is the impact of our inventory cost, the market price change, the second is the market price, that is the price of your inventory cost, or there are some changes, which will be an increase or decrease in the whole of gross profit. The total of the comprehensive loss in the current period, we are negative 1109, 3 000, compared to last year's positive compared to this difference is also very large, the main reason is that the so-called Oh, we hold is the reason for the fluctuation of investment stocks, the change on this part of the station is that we must follow the statutory rules, we must first raise the unrealized losses on the site, so these differences, that part is the whole part of our financial information.

In the first quarter of last year, when we compared to the fourth quarter last year, the increase was very small, about 1 and 2%. The other part of our sales and sales ratio, about 8 times, is about 2 times, is about exports, and we should report to everyone, because we belong to the so-called disk reprocessing, the screw, that out of the second quarter of 113, that 5% to 9%, the third quarter of 9% to 11%, and the year 22%, so the total screws, exports are very large.

This is a part of it, and it is a part of it, and it is a part of it.

Some imports on the market. And some circles on the market. There is no way to do some positive competition with it. So we probably turn to the so-called reprocessing. That is, directly to the end of production to consumer use.

That's it. We also provide a lot of manpower needs. Job opportunities, etc. To do our best corporate social responsibility. That's what I do.

We have been blessed with a lot of good things to do, and we are blessed with a lot of good things to do and a lot of good things to do, and we are blessed with a lot of good things to do and a lot of good things to do.

I'll do a few more replies. Thank you. Thanks for sharing. Now I'm going to Q&A for Phase II. I'm going online too. If you have any ideas or questions.

If you want to communicate with the general manager here. Everyone is welcome to ask about the cancellation of the elite. Thank you. Please don't be rude. If you need to know more about the operation or some of the market conditions.

I will try my best. It gives me what I know. It gives everyone a reference. It doesn't have any special problems. I do a few things for you. So why do we get some from the disk?

And if we are to sell it, we will sell it; and if we are to sell it, we will sell it, and if we are to sell it, we will sell it, and if we are to sell it, we will sell it to you; and if we are to sell it to you, we will sell it to you.

Last year's imports are the so-called rounds. Bars and lines part. That's about 73 million tonnes of steel in our country's leading steel mill. About a year's sales.

It is said that there are three thousand tons of rod lines in total. That is to say, it is about one million tons. There are seven percent imported. About three percent of our domestic steel is produced.

The number of these is about a year. About 1.3 million to 1.5 million tonnes. The difference here is 300,000 tonnes of 500,000 tonnes. It is probably other steel mills in the country. For example, it illustrates the big factory of the sky.

There is also the night core. There are also the so-called comparisons without the listed cabinets tomorrow factory dragonqing. As such, these steel mills are made of disks, and then given to these processing plants for downstream. Then make the so-called steel nails or screws.

That's probably the difference. That's why there are about 70 million tons of imports. That's nearly half the best 1.5 million tons. That's why if it's the most recent difference is the screw nut export. It's about 1.3 million tons. That's a pretty big proportion.

The main problem is competition. The competitive problem is because of the production cost of these so-called circles in the country. There are also the costs of imported raw materials. If the price that can be sold in a market now is relatively competitive.

This is exactly the way we reprocessed our order. At the very least, the entire turnover will include the whole loss. There is no such thing as sobering. The comparison will not cause greater loss. Even if there is a loss, we can also make the whole process of reprocessing.

That's what we all report. We have to. That takes care of about 300 employees we already have. Some of these social responsibilities behind them. That's what I think is important. That's why I think it's important.

It's okay. In the end, the chat room often has advanced questions to ask. He asked. Could the loss of this industry be improved in the second quarter of 2025?

This is what I am going to report to you. If it happens in the second quarter, the second quarter is now June. It is early June. It looks like it is unlikely to change the loss this year. We can only try to reduce the loss.

Why? Because the so-called raven wars, at the end of the year, we are expected to be the same as Sinosteel. Everyone expects that the raven war will stop. That's because the raven wars are not showing signs of stopping.

There are signs of talking but not stopping. That second is some uncertainty in the so-called United States. Those uncertainties. Because in the global economy, GDP. That is, if it is measured globally. That is probably this year.

It is likely to grow at 3.3%. The United States is about 2.7%. That China is about 4.6%. It is well known that some of these tariff wars are now in the United States. The impact is directly or indirectly affecting the entire consumption around the world.

This is part of the reason why I said this in a short period of time. My personal opinion does not seem to be easy to change the condition of this loss. Only try to keep it as safe as possible. Thanks for the reply from the general manager.

That's why we're here to help. We're here to help. We're here to help. We're here to help. We're here to help. Thank you again. Thank you for your continued support.

Thank you all. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you all for your interest in the advanced and online investment. Thank you.