Welcome to the Investor Conference of Cho Chun Metal. I am Mr. Cho Mu Ching-Lin, Acting spokesperson of Cho Chun, and I am here to introduce you to the company. If you have any questions, you can ask questions during the presentation process or at the end of the presentation. Cho Chun is your most trusted partner, and then this statement is our mission.

The market for leading components and decorative equipment for the service reaches $4.5 billion and $9 billion respectively. The company has established long-term close relationships with internationally renowned faucet brand customers who have reached more than 60% of the market share in North America and Europe. That is because of the cost-effective relationship, new materials have become the main alternative material, which is an important trend in this industry today.

Our revenue in 2024 was NT$7.6 billion, and we have five production bases, namely the operation headquarters in Taichung City, Taiwan, we have set up the operation headquarters of the R&D center, and then the current staff of more than 800 people. In addition, in Zhaoqing City, Guangdong Province, we set up a professional production of new children's products, and the two factories added more than 2300 employees. In addition, in the United States, we set up a professional production of new children's products, and in the United States, Kendaki, we set up a warehousing and distribution center, and there were more than 80 employees in those two locations. The total number of our group was about 3200 or more.

In 2004, we set up the second new Chinese child factory in Zhuhai, Guangdong Province, and then through the acquisition of assets, we got two U.S. customers, the new oak plant in Kendall, and the new management plant in Michigan. Then in 2016, we set up a production and development center in Taichung City to develop our smart manufacturing, and in 2020, we set up a management center in Taichung City to start the assembly of our faucets. Then, the industry is introduced: the first category is the furniture cabinet, which refers to the kitchen and the cabinet inside the bathroom.

The second is the water pipe installation, which contains porcelain, such as the basin, the bathtub and the toilet, and the pipe draining system behind it. The third is the decoration equipment, which is also our focus on the service, it includes the faucet, the shower system, and the warm bath accessories. The main raw materials, the material is mainly zinc copper and plastic, the current we focus on metal parts, the zinc copper products, and the assembly of the finished products of the faucet, so this is our main market.

This is our best solution, the bridge village is a leading manufacturer of new ballast components in the global kitchen and bathroom industry, according to the product category. In 2024, the share of revenue of the faucet is 55%, the share of revenue of the spare parts is 36%, and the other is 9%. In 2024, our new spare parts are 78%, and if there is other spare parts, it is 22%. This page can be seen that our bridge village has more than 70% revenue in new spare parts, which can highlight our bridge village mainly focus on this area of new products.

Our bridge village has several niches, the first is that our bridge village has been invested in the development and manufacturing of new products since the 1990s. That bridge village also specializes in new manufacturing, as well as bridge village's product yield stability, production cycle is also fast, that bridge village has a close cooperation with the world's well-known micro-yu brand in the new product solutions. So we look forward to the future, the trend of new copper products is constantly increasing, so we hope that our bridge village can become a comprehensive solution provider.

<think> Ok, now I need to process the transcription of the users and organize them into paragraph transcripts. First, I want to read the rules of the users carefully to ensure that they do not delete, rewrite, or consolidate anything. The user emphasizes that all the sentences must be retained, so I want to check the transcription to make sure that there are no omissions or merging. Next, I will read the entire transcription to understand its content and structure.

For example, the cost-saving part can be combined into a paragraph, the description of the product design solution as another paragraph, the market coverage data separately, and the financial data part also need to be organized into a coherent paragraph. At the same time, pay attention to the processing of timestamps, the user may want to keep timestamps, but according to the example, it does not seem to be necessary to display timestamps in the final output, so I will remove them. During the process, to ensure that each sentence is in the same order, just to combine the relevant sentences together. For example, there are a few words that describe cost savings, which should be linked together.

In addition, there are many years and numbers in the financial data section that need to maintain the order of the original sentences, but it may be necessary to adjust the sentences to make the paragraphs smoother. For example, connecting the "2024 is also the end of the four seasons" with the following financial data, you may need to add an appropriate transition sentence. Also pay attention to some possible typographical errors, such as "2021 is 2.48" after "2020 is 3.68", but the order in the original text may be upside down and needs to be checked if it is correct.

After completing the initial segmentation, I will read the whole finishing paragraph to ensure smoothness and logic, and make sure that all the original sentences are properly preserved without omissions or errors. Finally, generate the final paragraph verbatim, which conforms to all the requirements of the user. </think> The following is the finishing paragraph verbatim: . It will increase by about 3% to 13%. If the new material of the bridge village is combined with the product, it will cost about 20% to 40% less than the average homogene.

This is a solution for our new module product design. We are based on the regulations of drinking water, which has been developed in Europe and America, as well as the low transfer level, the solution is the structure of the product from copper to a new faucet. We use zinc to pressed into a metal appearance, and then we work with a separate elastic waterway to assemble a design, and then let the water not come into contact with lead or the metal of the nickel, which can be 100% compliant with the drinking water regulations and the low transfer level.

The Japanese market is also starting to transform the structure of this type of product. That is, it is committed to becoming a full-service provider, and there are three goals we implement. The first is to enhance the market share of new product solutions, and the next we will use new product solutions, we are based on the new product solutions to cross the main product manufacturing services, and then we can finally meet the needs of the customer can one-stop buyers.

That's why we want to focus on becoming a full-service provider of components products for new and new plastics. At the same time, we also want to be able to upgrade from OEM component suppliers to ODM supplier. This is our strategy for manufacturing capability development. Next, I will report the blueprint for our process automation strategy. In terms of manufacturing capability development strategy, we will first use a single station automation, then combine each station automation to become a module station automation, and then connect to our production line automation.

This is a milestone in the evolution of our assembly capabilities. In terms of the development of the assembly capability, what we will do is build on the part process capability, then we strengthen the management of our process chain, then we extend the component manufacturing capacity to the assembly finished product, then develop our product testing capabilities, and then accumulate a listed certification of our products.

This is the last five years of U.S. stock earnings 2020 is a loss of -.47 yuan 2021 is 2.48 yuan then 2020 is 3.682023 1.57 byte margin of the last year is 2.72 yuan, please refer to this is the low water level, please refer to this is the last five years of the water meter please see. The next five years of the balance sheet, then we look at the parts of bank deposit bank borrowing we are in 2021 is the highest point of nearly 5.8 billion yuan 2024 to 16.7 yuan, we have made a substantial reduction in the amount of positive repayment fixed assets in 2022, so we look at the main financial indicators of the net value of the U.S. stocks and the balance ratio of the debt is a year down mainly because we have a positive return on the net of borrowing.