Thank you for your participation today. The next page. I would like to briefly introduce the company here. That Sanyang Industrial Co., Ltd. was the first listed company in Taiwan to produce both the motorcycle and the car. The company was founded in 1961, and the stock code is 206. At present, we have 2300 employees, who focus on the development and manufacture of the motorcycle, as well as the sale of the beach bike and the car.

Our total revenue last year was NT$656 billion, and the current market value of the entire market was US$16.5.8 billion. The company mainly had three factories in Hsinchu, Taiwan, and Xiamen, China and Vietnam. The capacity of the 3D is about 300,000 locomotives in Hsinchu and Vietnam, while the site of the Hsinchu plant is also the base of assembly and production of modern automobiles, which is about 20,000 locomotives. The capacity of Vietnam was about 120,000 locomotives. The market share of our entire locomotive in Taiwan last year was about 41%, which is far more than the second sun.

In 2014, after Mr. Wu was elected as the vice president of the company, the company began a series of reforms. The current part of the entire motorcycle, we have returned to Taiwan's first brand, OK. That part of the car, in addition to our own brand SYM motorcycle, we also for other brands to work for OEM.

In 2014, he started his three-year plan, under one of his leadership reforms, he said that our motorcycle market share increased from 9% in the lowest month of 2014 to 46. 9% in the month of 2025. Well, the next page. Under one of the chairman's leadership, we did something different than our competitors. In the past few years, we have developed a series of new environmental engines, which actually saves less fuel and more power than we do.

In addition to this part, all of our other parts of the motorcycle, we are using a relatively advanced electronic control system. The other part is that we are very fast in response to market regulations, so this is why we can quickly seize these market share in recent years from our competitors. In addition to this, we can also see that our gross profit margin is about 13% in 2014, and it has risen significantly to more than 24% in 2024.

In addition to this, we will continue to improve the market share of Sanyang SYN motorcycles and Hyundai vehicles, and strengthen our brand image. As for the part of the energy cycle, this part will do further explanation, and here we will briefly mention: we are in this section of the energy cycle, we also have to continue to develop a variety of battery technology, and the main reason is because of a key battery of electric motorcycles. So under this premise, we have to invest in our own aluminum battery technology, and we hope that this aluminum battery technology can be another revenue of Sanyang's future.

Well, then I'm going to make a report and explain it to you. Next, I'm going to make a more important part of improving productivity, in fact, in the years we've done a more important thing, is to integrate the frame and engine platform. In the past, maybe a car model is a separate frame and engine, in fact, for us is a cost of a wireless road, is not a cost of a benefit. So over the years we've also put one engine and a frame of some of our models, we've integrated it into about three to four platforms, the main platform.

In addition to this, we also take the part of the part, the part of the sales service, and the part of the company to do a coordinated distribution and operation. After the establishment of the part center, we also have a clear improvement in the quality of our sales service, which is also in the satisfaction of our consumers, can see a clear result. Well, the next part of the channel is the part of the channel.

In addition to this virtual channel, we also have many in the provinces, probably close to the distribution of this channel, about 700 more than this channel. Through these physical channels, it is easier for consumers to access our products. That is, apart from this channel.

In addition to continuing to increase the number of channels, we also through more compact training and more comprehensive training to provide these dealerships with better skills to serve our car owner The next page in the marketing part of our marketing strategy is more lively, so we are just like traditional is to play some advertising over the years, or some well-known sports events to do some exposure and exposure. This part of our goal is to target a customer who is about 18 to 35 years old because this customer is actually a major source of personal word-of-mouth recommendation. This part of this part is really a more dynamic in the last years of our entire marketing strategy, or a statistical analysis of the loyalty of this brand, there is a much better way to improve the design of the car, as mentioned above, is just as we have a new car in the next year. At the end of the year, the parameters will be slowly adjusted after 2026, and it will have the opportunity to mass production. One of the characteristics of this aluminum battery is that it can bear the temperature difference range is really large, it can be zero negative 40 to 80 degrees of this applicable temperature range can be applied, and it is because it is aluminum, not this high pollution metal element, so its life cycle is relatively low, and the most important thing is that it has such characteristics of fast charging and discharge. 95% of the year we may not be as friendly as a large environment, but I currently have an internal goal to continue this year to 23000 to 24000 sales desks, and I hope that this year's overall market share can be more than 5%. Next we have some optimizations that we have done in Taiwan in the last few years. The first part of this part we have switched from the original so-called sedan to the van and even new energy vehicles are important for our two and three years. In addition to this we continue to optimize our display area.

**Presentation**. We have maintained a cash yield of about 4% to 5% over the last few years. Last year we probably felt a bit lower. This is mainly because some of the EPS you have in the past year are outside of the industry. So some of our group's current direction is to make this out-of-the-box money and invest it again, so our third foot is not in the field, so this ratio is not that high.

In fact, we can maintain this interest rate at about 5% in the past. Then the next table is the profit and loss table. In fact, here we can also see that in the past years, whether we are in the gross profit rate is good, or the so-called triple rate is good, there is a more obvious increase in the actual. So the balance sheet part, because our entire revenue in these years is constantly growing. So we are either cash or our total assets, so we get some of the so-called weekly rate of revenue cycle, or ROE ROA, this part also has some more obvious improvement.