We are also going to open up this Q&A, first by the live Q&A, and then online. Ronnie, everyone, today is a little bit, I heard that many people are talking about it at the same time. We have already reported this number before, although the numbers have come out yesterday, so it may be clear to everyone, but for a simple explanation, we are the first quarter of the year, so we have not accumulated much. The first quarter revenue is more than the normal seasonal better, we will increase by 4% compared to the fourth quarter, and generally speaking, the first quarter will have a quarterly decline of about 5 to 10%. However, since there are some data centers in the first quarter is still very good, including power and heat dissipation, so the revenue is better than the fourth quarter, and the first quarter revenue is a new 1189 billion, with 30% growth in the year compared to the first quarter.

The first quarter is 378 million, and the gross profit margin is 31.8%, which is a percentage point more than the fourth quarter, and the gross profit is 8% more than the fourth quarter, and the fourth quarter is 40% more than the same period last year, mainly because of the relatively low audit period of the same period last year. The cost part is still more obvious, but because the revenue growth is very fast, so the cost rate is down from 21.4% from the fourth quarter to 21. 4% to 20%. The increase in fees is 21%, this is believed to follow, because the audit period is usually in the first quarter is obvious, and the next month should be slightly lower, but because the increase in the net profit is a lot more than the gross profit, so the net profit increase is more than the fourth quarter, because the revenue is a lot more than the second quarter is a lot more than the revenue, but a lot more than the same.

This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Using cookies should enable the user to use certain functions, share on social networks and edit messages and advertisements. By clicking on the “OK” button, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. For additional information, please see our Privacy Policy.

In addition, it is also said that the energy consumption and environmental impact of this energy will be large and will be worried, in the direction of this sustainable AI, this obstacle.

First, I need to read all the sentences and understand the overall content and logical order. This section focuses on the power supply issues of the AI data center, involving the aging of the distribution network, technological innovation, industrial cooperation, energy efficiency, and many other aspects. There are also Delta's strategies in this field, as well as specific technical solutions such as microgrids, energy storage equipment, Sofc power generation, etc. Next, I need to organize these fragmented sentences according to the logical relationship.

It is important to pay attention to the order of timestamps, but users are not required to retain timestamps, so it may only be ordered by content. At the same time, to ensure that the statements are coherent without adding additional information or modifying the original sentences. It may be necessary to group the relevant sentences to form a natural paragraph, such as question points, solutions, and case studies into different paragraphs. During the finishing process, also check whether there are duplicate or jump parts to ensure the transition between paragraphs is natural. For example, after discussing the microgrid, you can bridge the example of data center construction in the United States and then introduce Sofc technology.

It is important to pay special attention to the user's mentioned "do not delete any sentences", so it is necessary to keep all the original sentences even if some sentences look duplicated or not coherent. It may be necessary to use synonyms or adjust the order of sentences to improve fluency, but the original content must be kept strictly. For example, the content after timestamps are arranged in chronological order while regrouping according to the content. Finally, check that the finishing paragraphs meet the user's requirements, make sure that there is no missing any sentences, and the paragraph structure is reasonable and easy to read.

This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Using cookies should enable the user to use certain functions, share on social networks and edit messages and advertisements. By clicking on the “OK” button, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. For additional information, please see our privacy policy.

Therefore, if this microgrid is an enterprise-class data center, it may be able to control it in a microgrid way, if it is a large data center, it may have its own microgrid to support the needs of this power up and down, we have been doing the development of these products here in microgrid for many years, and even the investment in these solutions here. Of course, the other half of the respondents think that AI's efficiency is not good at the moment, so this efficiency will become a very important issue in the future, and more and more people think that this AI is not just a cloud, because there are a few considerations that the cloud it wants to transfer, the amount of data will cause some other energy consumption, there is another, there is a real time, this is a lot like our factory, and we are talking about the AI is a more about the AI tool, we will be the next next time, this is the AI is the tool, we need to implement it is the AI, we are the AI, we are the next next next, we are the AI is the AI, we are the tool, we are the AI, we are the tool, we are the next next next next, the AI, we are the tool, we are the tool, we are the AI, we are the next next next next next to the AI is the AI, the tool, we are the AI is the tool, the tool, the tool, the AI, the tool, the tool, we are the AI is the tool, the tool is the tool is the manager, we are the next next next next next is the AI is the manager, we are the AI, we are the tool, the manager is the manager is the tool, we are, we are, we are the AI, we are the AI, we are, we are the next next is the manager, we are, we are the manager, the manager, we are, we are the manager, we are, we are, we are the AI is the tool, the tool, the tool, the manager, the manager, the manager, the manager, the manager, the manager, the next next next next next next is the AI, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are the tool, the manager, the AI, the manager, the manager, the manager, the AI, the AI, the next is the manager, the tool, the



This is a relatively large, high-temperature fuel cell. In fact, it has been used on part of the data center. I think if you still have an impression, we have signed an IP with a UK-listed company called SIRUS, which is a transacted contract, and some of them are developed together.

So, it's not just Taiwan's first company to participate in this sustainable AI alliance, we're not just going to go to the meeting, we're actually going to do something. Well, we're going to open the live question now. Chairman, you're good, we've got two questions here. The first one is the company's outlook for the second quarter, and there are some requirements for AI-related products, and the company's goal for year-round growth.

It seems like three problems. Just mentioned the first one looks like AI, because the first season is good, and the next outlook is what. The second season is not bad, you can see the results of the first season, the second season is certainly affected by this tariff, but because now it's down to 10%, there are 90 days free of charge, so customers are all in a hurry to pull the goods, so the second season's revenue will be better than the first season.

I'm going to say, "Donald Trump is going to have to go back to the big picture," but I'm going to say, "Donald Trump is going to go back to the big picture, because Donald Trump is going to go back to the big picture, because Donald Trump is going to go back to the big picture and talk about it, because it's less than a month, and I think we'll probably have to look at what happened last night, because it's a little different every day. It's clear that what's going to happen now is what's going to happen to uncertainty at the end of the day. That Donald Trump is really just going to bring a lot of the so-called manufacturing back to the U.S., and it's going to be a lot less than the U.S.S.

So if you're a policy maker or this opinion leader, they may say that it's going to drop somewhere else, it's necessary to bring some other manufacturing back to the United States, but you also have another party, he said you want to look at what you're talking about the so-called nonal GDP, if you're going to exclude this issue is called real GDP, so if you look at the real GDP for 80 years, that's a long time, this percentage manufacturing for this real GDP in the United States has been around 11% to 13%, that's in the TIDE. So the other part of the lecture is actually we haven't really reduced our manufacturing, just to say that this manufacturing efficiency is an improvement, because there's a lot of automation, so it's a lot of sound inside.

So, if you are going to do a lot of action at this point, you are going to be in the shape of something, but you are likely to have at least 50% of that chance wrong. So I think Donald Trump, who is so very transgender, is going to need to react now, do something like that, but in the long run, we really have to say that we are not going to do it right now, we have to wait a few more months, and see what the new rules will be.

Do you say in the United States? Outside of the United States, we now have about 50% of this capacity in mainland China, and Taiwan is a big part of that we continue to expand in Thailand, many factories are in the lid, then India, and then a little bit smaller in Europe and America like Slovakia, the United States, we are still relatively small here, and a little bit smaller in Brazil.

Of course, if he does these public constructions or do the government's business is required to have subsidies or to be required to produce local production, then this is a kind of, but most of the time we have to look at Total's Cost. So we have to deal with the customer's needs to provide a competitive product line. So why don't we change because you really go to this stuff he doesn't make sense, will most of the investment here in the United States, then we don't want to have a new manufacturing area to expand.

If that is the case, isn't that saying that gross interest rates may be suppressed slightly in the second quarter, then after the third quarter will be helpful because of this? So I just asked the Chief Financial Officer to report on what we are doing when he is in the second quarter. This is what we have done. We are not asking the Chief Financial Officer to tell us about what we are doing now. It is our assumption that the tariff is going to be sent from Taiwan to the United States, but that the tariff is going to be sold to the customer after our assembly, so the tariff should be used in the sale, and the transfer part will be reflected in the sale and gross profit.

That is, if DDP is first to pay tariffs, then we will have to pay the tariffs with the customer on the contract. Most of the customers here are written on the contract; some are not written on the contract, and he says that DDP then his tariffs are added to the price of this product. This is the word that we spend a lot of time talking to the customer about how to divide this. If this gross profit is not good or the net profit of the product is not enough, we will ask the customer to pay this tariff, otherwise we will not be able to supply it.

The following is a transcription of the rescheduled paragraphs:. So I can say the part of the tariff. Basically, Delta is not necessary, because seeing a decrease in gross margin will not stress this part. We still have a free brand, if you want to go up at the end.

He mentioned that he actually had a part of the DC DC business falling to another competitor, so of course, the market is on the opposite side of DC DC, so I want to say that in the past three months, because we are also doing IP redesign, what is the progress of that part? Is there a double-digit increase in the previous year for our DC business?

This is of course the whole power architecture has also been adjusted, so this DC to DC his product line has been changing his product cycle faster, we did not really break out of each product line is what it is, but you say that if you and the overall AI data center power, our growth is quite impressive.

And then there was the last quarter of the spell, when we said that on January 3rd, we will have a question about the asset last quarter of the spell, said that the January heat dissipation product accounted for 6% of the revenue then want to ask how the current heat dissipation product proportion is likely to be in the legend GB300 of the servo. Is there any new progress in this part of the above is about the recognition of the BBU shelf or the power shelf as a reference design?

Of course, we didn't make predictions, but if you look at the U.S. listed companies, they basically made judgments about it, and a lot of companies did not make predictions yesterday, it should be GM also said that he did not make predictions because I do not know that I can only say that if these hyperscalers maintain the same, the AI data center we saw on budget should be able to achieve this growth. The third point is that GB300 his power architecture will not affect some of the changes on this product line, or some things he might not need this, I just mentioned it.

I'd rather have a little bit of that in the first place. some of the so-called vertical power practices are all in this discussion, some of them are.

The product is in the design. But what will happen at the end of the day? It's actually, it's not easy to see. It's the power he needs.

If this is the way to go, there may be a part of the product. This kind of immersion cooling is really needed. This kind of cooling liquid is inside.

If that's the case, he's the power architecture. If that's the case, let's make some more changes. Now look at this vertical power.

It's possible. Chances are. That's right. You're directly on this board. There are so many power devices.

It's a direct comparison. It's a semi-conductor company. Which part of the comparison is it? We're traditionally in the form of this power spot.

The design of the final product is what it is. It's not easy to say clearly today. There's no way to say it again. Manage Jayson. Here I am Terry of KGY.

The first question is, just speaking, the first part of this EV is mentioned when the presentation begins. The first part is the loss of the state.

There is still a lot of noise in the car industry in the next few seasons. That's what we're going to see in the next few seasons. Now how do we look at the situation here in the car? Then this is the first question. The second question is about.

This is our first year fee.

One is the US market, the Chinese market here, the EV he has formed, this one does not need to go, there is no doubt. One of the topics of the survey is that if you want to buy a car, the next car will not be EV, in China market, he will not be about 10%, far less than 20%. In Europe and the US market, it should be said that the European market, should be easier to accept this EV, but in Europe and the US market, he is not willing to consider this EV, including pure battery, Battery EV, then included, EV and Bug-in, Europe and the US, the next car is not willing to consider EV, now more than 50%. So the two markets, the so-called Tipping Point, there is not as China market, he is no longer, he is no, he will not, he will not particularly consider you the performance of the car, is, is, is, is changed, or engine, but is not the stage, but the next time, we will not, this time, we will be able to see this time, this time, this time, this time, this time, and the EV, and the next time, but the growth.

This is the first question I have ever asked about this number, how to calculate this, Tariff, how to calculate the tariff, how to calculate the tariff, and how to explain it. These are usually customers ask us to help us in the United States, each product, assembly and then sell it, and finally, these costs he will be counted in our sales price.

The president has been in the industry for many years, because of this 90-day exemption period, indeed, let, even before the announcement of the peer tariffs, there have been some early withdrawal status, such a trend, you think this year's second half, is a more pessimistic state. It is difficult to say, I think this is what you see, one is the customer, hurry to pull in in order to seize this 90-day time, it must be fully cooperating, there is a productive issue, there is the issue of these materials, and there is the issue of the material, it really is the inventory, because this is one is, the overall plan of the issue or the vendor, the ability to compete with each other, is not to assume that we can, with Dora some, the others do not, the actual time, will drag behind, how it is not really clear.

<think> OK, the user let me sort a paragraph-by-text text request without deleting any sentences or summaries. First of all, I want to check the content of the text-by-text text provided by the user to make sure that the sentences corresponding to each point are kept. There are many timestamps in the text-by-text text, such as [3231. 76-233.76] logic, and then each sentence. I need to sort the sentences in the correct order into a natural paragraph, rather than a sentence cut-off. The user may be a professional who needs to organize a meeting record or interview, hoping to get a clear, coherent text for reporting or archiving. They may be worried that the original format is difficult to read, requiring a more processed version.

Deep demand may be the desire to quickly locate different parts of the discussion, such as topics such as supply chain, tariff impact, response strategies, and subsequent questions and answers. I need to pay attention to the user's emphasis on "do not delete, do not rewrite, do not summarize", so the order and content of the original story must be maintained. Next need to identify which sentences belong to the same topic or paragraph. For example, the supply chain, cost, and market changes may be a paragraph, and the discussion of tariffs and response capabilities is another paragraph.

In addition, the connection between sentences may not be strong enough, but it is necessary to keep everything in chronological order. Special attention is required to have a "yes" word after the timestamp, such as [3452. 76-34564. 76], and the next timestamp is [3454. 76-345.2.76], whether there is any omission in the middle. After checking the user's script, it is possible to skip [3450. 76-3452. 76], directly from [3448. 76-3452. 76] to [3452. 76-3454. 76], but according to the material provided by the user, can only be processed according to the existing content and cannot be added or deleted by itself.

At the same time, pay attention to the structure of the Q&A section to ensure that questions and answers are clearly separated. Finally, check that the entire finishing transcription meets the user requirements, without missing anything, all sentence sequences are correct, and without any modification or deletion.

This is the whole of you, the advancement of technology, then the change of the market, this whole direction, you still have to be able to master the things that change.

Of course, it's okay to adjust at any given time, but I don't think it's a question of adjusting. It's unreasonable and it's very short-term. It's always changing.

If you are able to do this, then you will be able to do it, and if you are able to do it, then you will be able to do it, and if you are able to do it, then you will be able to do it.

The second half of the year will be bad, or the whole year will be good, because it is possible.

If you go out early, your share will be more than the original. Then what will happen. I think everyone is in the same environment.

We do not have any tags for All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters, All That Glitters.

All good things come to those who wait, and those who wait, and those who wait, and those who wait, and those who wait, and those who wait, and those who wait, and those who wait, and those who wait, and those who wait.

It's a big business. I think it's a big business. But I think it's a short time, but you have to keep following it.

It's possible for small and medium-sized enterprises. It's big. Because it's like that all the time. The small and medium-sized enterprises are overwhelmed. It's out of stock management. It's cash flow.

It is not as if they are asking for it; it is as if they are asking for it; it is as if they are asking for it; they are asking for it; they are asking for it; they are asking for it; they are asking for it; they are asking for it; they are asking for it; they are asking for it; they are asking for it; they are asking for it; they are asking for it; they are asking for it; they are asking for it.

And the second question is, in response to this geopolitical challenge. In addition to our global presence, we are very diverse. We have not considered setting up a second operating headquarters.

A project. The third one is Openpass. Last year's revenue. Last year's Openpass was a new high. In the previous quarter of the spell meeting, it was mentioned that this year's Openpass.

It will be slightly lower than last year, but it is still there. This goal is not the same as it was last year. Thank you. Operation headquarters actually we have. There has always been a second operation headquarters planning. I remember.

Many years ago, our second operation was based in Shanghai. So there is a senior manager there. The office has the whole floor. All for headquarter is here. Assuming the need.

We're in Shanghai, because at that time China was the whole, trending continents, trends are very good, and we're the whole investment there.

Both manufacturing and research and development. All aspects of the resources are used very well. The US-China trade behind us. We are in serious times. The second operation headquarters is planned in Thailand. We have even done it in Thailand.

The second so-called headquarter. This data center. This has all been built. And it can be done at any time. This data in Taiwan can be updated every day.

So if this is the case, stop there. There can be two days of dataloss. Everything else is possible. Continued take over because we are in many parts of the world.

It's OK, so if you need it, you can move it up and down, and it's only two days.

So these are risk management. We do what is called international. These companies are good for these geopolitics. Whatever they are, they are good for you. These risk management.

We've all been there, and you've got another problem: last year compared to this year.

Free brand. We are free brand in the United States. It has the power of this sender. Our power has. Application in various parts. In medical products.

In the lighting of the products. In the industrial products these are sent power. In the free brand with channel. This will increase the price. And we have fans.

This is a lot of consumption, the channel that we will have, there are other, industrial products, this is.

These are the ones that are sold by the channel: these are the inverters; these are the ones that are sold by the market; these are the ones that are sold by the market.

How to deal with this. You're still a competition. Yes. Talk to me last time. It's probably more than 300 million this year.

This year, we're going to buy a new building, or a new one, or a new one, or a new one, or a new one.

I have a question for you, Jerry, I have a question here. I just wanted to mention that, because we are doing the second tax issue.

There is this. 90 days in advance. There is an accelerated pick-up. I can do it. break down said. Is this customer pick-up all the products in advance.

Or, if there is one thing that has been given to the poor, then there is one thing that has not been given to the poor, then there is one thing that has not been given to the poor; and there is one thing that has not been given to the poor; and there is one thing that has not been given to the poor.

We can do it, and we can do it, and we can improve our productivity.

Through overtime or devices. UTR raises this to the 1st quarter. How many percent are we supposed to estimate?

There is not a single word in the Qur'an that is true, but it is the word of Allah, the All-Merciful, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassionate, the All-Compassion, the All-Compassion.

All of them will be squeezed. Just add a little more. That's just mentioned by the CEO. The second operation center. That's all. It's a discussion.

All of them are discussions. As a company. There are many shareholders. This is our responsibility. There must be a so-called backup plan. But that is.

You have a plan and it doesn't mean everything is in place because it's an ongoing discussion.

The last question is, it's time. It's over. It's okay. We'll open up the last one on the site. The problem is good.

We do not have any tags for Thank You [Stereo] lyrics.