<think> Ok, now I need to process the verbatim of the user and organize it into paragraph verbatim. First of all, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten or condensed in any sentence, so it is necessary to maintain the integrity of the original word.

First of all, I will check through the provided verbatim, paying attention to the sentences corresponding to each timestamp. The user has segregated the content by timestamp, and my task is to consolidate the fragments into a consistent paragraph, while keeping the order and content of the original sentence intact. Special attention is needed, such as "2024 billion" repeated many times, must not be missed. Next, I will identify which sentences can be combined into natural paragraphs. For example, a few sentences at the beginning are about the activities and can be combined into a paragraph.

In the process of repetitive content, such as "so we have been working on this piece" repeated many times, need to keep the same as, may users intend to emphasize this, so can not be deleted. Similarly, "2024 million" repeated, must be reserved all the time, may users want to highlight the importance of this data. Also, pay attention to the consistency of timestamps, to ensure that sentences in each paragraph are arranged in chronological order. For example, about the Thai factory, from introducing the location of the factory, area to investment and production situation, need to organize a paragraph in chronological order. When dealing with technical terms and professional content, such as HDI, SMT, light modules, etc., to ensure the accuracy of the term, without any modification.

Finally, check the fluidity of the entire paragraph-based script to ensure that there is no omission of any sentences, and that there is a logical connection between paragraphs. It may be necessary to adjust the order of the sentences, but it must be strictly in accordance with the original order of the user and cannot be adjusted by itself. After completing the initial draft, I will read the entire content again to ensure that all sentences are correctly classified into the corresponding paragraph without missing or duplicated questions. At the same time, check that the format conforms to the requirements of the user, without using any Markdown, keeping the plain text format.

Today I am honored to host a visit to South China to exchange with you. I first report our basic report, the disclaimer part I no longer endorse. East China is focused on the board, in addition to the board, should all areas of the PCB currently involved, whether in the soft circuit board or the hard board, the soft and hard composite board and SMT, we now have a certain market share. Especially in the hard board part, of course, we were in the consumer electronics HDI, in the past few times the legal statements have also shared with you. Now we see the trend of the future HDI, in the case of the system of the more and more HDI products, we have been working on this effort, so we have been working on this one, so we have been working on this one, so we have been working on this one, so we have been working on this one, so we have been working on this effort.

In the last year's Prismark report, our global PCB market accounted for 7,24 billion, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in 2024, 724 billion in the closing of the market, 724 billion in 2024, 24 billion in the closing of the market, 724 billion in 2024, closed in 2024 billion in 2024 billion in 2024, closed in 2024 billion in 2024 billion in 2024, closed in 2024 billion in 2024 billion in 2024 billion in 2024 billion in 2024 billion in 2024 billion in the market.

East China has always been in the quality technology and performance services for a long time, especially in the quality technology and long-term relationship with the above, has been East China has been a relatively emphasized part. Because East China has been a very old PCB company, able to be in the industry for a long time, and then can still be a competitive company, is that we have been focusing on our quality technology, and our customer's burden, and that we have also been supporting our customers to develop new products, that we can mention.

At the same time, there are also some different levels of customers in some of the other competitors, how to talk about some small problems. So in the first quarter, in fact, the pull of the customer is very strong, coupled with our second-largest satellite customer, he has officially launched the satellite, everyone knows, so this part of the word for this year, he knows that the order has been dropped to this year, too loud, I have always thought you speak loud, that it just might be too loud, too loud, too loud. So in the first quarter, under the addition of these two satellite customers, in fact, the proportion of our satellite has been lifted, which has already included a part of the production of the Thai factory.

This is a major supplier ranking. In fact, the top six suppliers have three suppliers, so the growth of the soft board is still very large in the market. Of course, we do not see this in the domestic side, but in the world to talk about the soft board's current turnover is very large or very large. In addition, in the sixth position of this TTM, it is actually the disposal of some factories, but it is now able to rank to the sixth is mainly the military part of this part, so we are currently ranked seventh. The next table is mainly a revenue part of the HDI, in fact, we do not want to emphasize that we are the first, because before you can see, should say the first five, or even the sixth largest, this revenue gap is not too big.

If you have a few days in this computer, you should see that there are already customers to show the products of the 1. 6T light module. Unfortunately, we say that it is not for the first two days, if you do the first two days, you can report to us, let everyone see the board when it is enlarged, because there is our logo above. So I have always said that we have a customer in the development, this is not fake, in fact, we are willing to continue to develop a new product with the customer here.

This is what our customers know about us. So, in the present situation, although we have the characteristics of this material or this AI server that we have not made big in the past, we are still on top of some of the features of some of these new materials.

So we also want to develop new products. So we also want to develop new products. So we also want to develop new products. So we also want to develop new products. So in this regard, we do not mainly emphasize the first, second, and third, that as long as we see the tide of HDI in the future, it is very likely to be on top of this trend.

In fact, our company is not only in Taiwan with such an opportunity. In fact, many companies in the light plot are higher in the mainland. In fact, this part of Huatong has also been involved in this part of the story, in fact, Huatong has been involved in more than OK is a part of today's explanation.