

With the increasing volume of cabinets in AI servers and the demand for general-purpose servers this year, it is expected that the entire product will continue to grow strong and continue to be the largest product category in our revenue momentum this year. We look at the computer terminal products, the demand for computer terminal products in the third quarter was better than when the previous legal meeting was held, and there was a new product launch in the second quarter and last year, plus the effect of pre-loading due to tariff issues, so its base period is relatively high, so the third quarter performance will decline slightly. In the original and other product parts, the main business in the relevant parts I want to increase, so the product category will grow significantly in the quarter to the year.

We are looking forward to seeing a significant growth outlook for the year, but because of the changes in exchange rates that may affect the revenue after conversion to Taiwan dollars, and because of the changes in tariff geopolitics and global monetary policy, it may have uncertainties for the overall economic situation. Therefore, we would like to consider these factors for this year's outlook, we would like to take a more prudent look at them with a more prudent attitude. As for the four main products, I think there is no concern about the cloud network products, people are the main growth momentum, and the product visibility of AI servers is also very good.

Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect more than 170% of the revenue from our AI servers, which will be up to three times a year, and what does this mean? On behalf of our customers, we reflect that his pull-out power continues to stabilize, so according to current market demand, the annual revenue from AI servers will break through trillions of trillions of trillions. In addition, I think we all noticed that a few important customers in recent years on their terms, also emphasized that the investment in AI infrastructure will continue to expand, and we believe that these relevant capital expenditures will continue to extend to 2026 or more, and these signals represent our view: AI is not a temporary boom, but a real industrial revolution, it is a structural and long-term growth trend.

In addition, we will continue to expand our capabilities in the field of AI. We will continue to expand our AI applications from cloud infrastructure to edge computing, as well as a wide range of AI terminal products. In addition, we will continue to expand our capabilities to the next level in terms of scale economy and global layout. We will also be able to quickly respond to AI trends, expand our AI applications from cloud infrastructure to edge computing, and diversify our AI terminal products.

First of all, we have signed a contract with Mitsubishi Motors to enter the Australian and New Zealand markets in the future, and we expect to put production into production in the second half of 2026, and I think this is a very important step in the development of EV in Hon Hai. Of course, we all have a lot of concern about Model B, our Model B cross-boundary SUV is now in the final market preparation, and we are planning to complete the relevant work in the fourth quarter of this year. As for Model C, it has entered the North American certification process, and we are actively preparing for the North American market.

In order to meet the growing demand of customers, we are also actively improving the capacity of the issuing plant, so by the end of the third quarter of this year, we plan to be able to achieve the target of 25,000 grams of telecommunications capacity in a single month. Finally, we are located in Kaohsiung Bridge, we are expected to obtain a license in the third quarter, and we can complete the preparation of production by the end of the third quarter. Overall, we have gradually achieved the transition from layout to mass production in the EV field, then we will continue to deepen the integration of the supply chain and expand with the international market, and continue to promote our layout in the electric vehicle industry.

In the digital health field, I think our layout focuses on the practical application of AI technology, and integrates the power of the group, hoping to achieve greater efficiency. First, we actively layout AI care cobots, as well as the field of the digital soft smart hospital, and we are also introducing the MNA medical model to promote the practice of AI in medical practice.

Second, in the digital medical transformation, we are also simultaneously driving the transformation of test automation and medical digital.

<think> Ok, now I need to process the transcription of the user and sort it into a paragraph format. The user's requirements are clear: it cannot be deleted, rewritten, or condensed into any of the originals. First of all, I want to read the transcription of the user's content carefully to understand the overall structure and themes of the various sections.

First, to see the beginning of the fourth quarter of the new inspection center and precision inspection technology, followed by the integration of channel resources, to build the foundation for aging care and preventive medicine. Then, about the progress of the semiconductor business, including SIC wafer shipping, automotive customers shipping, cooperation with European manufacturers to develop the next generation SIC module, plan the introduction of European auto factory, Hsinchu plant certification and mass production plan, automotive processing and production, automotive visual and display development, power IC application in the AI server, advanced packaging and French company cooperation, etc.

Finally, James shares important events, including Computed exhibitions, shareholder meetings, dividend distributions, synopsis meetings, research institutes, etc. Next, I need to group these contents in logical order to form a coherent paragraph. The user provides a timestamp range, but the finishing timestamp needs to be removed, only the text content. At the same time, each sentence may need to be merged into a natural paragraph, but all the original sentences must not be omitted.

Similarly, the semiconductor business section also needs to be integrated as a coherent paragraph, but each project may require separate paragraphs or merge related items. Check if there is a duplicate content or a place where the order needs to be adjusted, but it cannot be rewritten or deleted according to user requirements. Therefore, it is necessary to be arranged strictly in the order of the provided sentences and only adjust the format to make it easier to read. When processing, it may be necessary to merge sentences of the same subject, such as multiple plans for the fourth quarter, or a description of different technological developments.

We expect that in the fourth quarter, we will set up a new inspection facility, which will also combine accurate inspection technology with technical channel resources, to lay a good foundation for aging care and preventive medicine. In short, Hong Hai is now building a new field of smart healthcare through AI technology and integrating with the Group's resources, to meet the challenges of aging society and continue to create new growth momentum.

In terms of power semiconductors, we have started shipping to Europe in the second quarter of SIC wafers, and the automotive customers have continued to ship, while our cooperation with the European power drive system plants has begun, and the next generation SIC modules have been developed. We are planning to introduce the European factory in the fourth quarter of this year. In addition, SIC module plants in Hsinchu are also planning to be certified and mass production in the fourth quarter of this year.

As for advanced packaging and global layout, we have signed MOU with TALUS in France and Hardio in France, and we plan to set up a joint venture to focus on the space industry and advanced packaging and testing business. So in summary, these layouts will further strengthen our role in the global semiconductor industry, and also help us to enhance our long-term competitiveness in the field of automotive and high-performance computing.

First of all, smart manufacturing, I would like to show you how Hon Hai is combining manufacturing with AI to achieve the vision of AI factory, which the Chairman said. In GenAI's empirical work, we integrate generation AI into the design and manufacturing process, and use the Genesis platform to make horizontal analysis and decision-making optimization. As the Chairman said, AI is not to replace people, but to help us deliver most of the repetitive work to AI, so that employees can focus on more creative work.

Finally, I think we need to have a strong supercomputing resource, and we will use the Group NCP supercomputing resources to train large-scale AI models and deploy them to various fields. So we also hope to integrate the AI platform with the Agent Store to form a complete ecosystem that will allow the continuous copying and spread of the value of AI within the Group.

I think this is not just a technical cooperation, but also a crucial step in our EV software layout, which will be the core of the future automotive system. It is also a description of the relevant module, and we continue to work closely with the Middle East manufacturers to build the next generation of EA electronic architecture, providing solutions for smart cabins and smart gateways. We have now completed the initial cross module integration test. In terms of smart cabin, we will further introduce AI technology to enhance the human-machine interaction so that users do not need to put very precise instructions, as long as they can easily operate it in a very natural language. In terms of connected vehicle components, we also work with key partners to develop 4G in-vehicular information control units, the so-called TCU, the system has been successfully installed into a million vehicles in the first half of this year, and the target of the final safety system.

At the same time, we are actively promoting the City GPT platform to the international market, while continuing to expand in Taiwan. In the field of overseas cooperation and expansion, we are continuing to promote cooperation with Mexico, and we are also starting to engage more relevant and relevant enterprises in the Philippines, hoping to bring our smart city AI solutions to more international cities.

At the same time, we hope to continue to expand the solution to more cities and cities, including Taipei, Yunlin, Tainan and other cities, and look forward to working with more cities and cities to create a smarter and more convenient city life together. Well, above are my three parts of the report, then let me give my time to James, by James to share with you about recent major events.

In addition, at the end of May, we also reviewed some of the achievements of Hon Hai in innovation and transformation, and we also identified $5.8 US stock cash dividends, which is a promise that we will allocate back our operations to shareholders. In June, we also held a joint legal meeting of the Group, which was held once or twice a year, so that you can better understand the layout and capabilities of Hon Hai. In terms of research institutes, this institute has continued to demonstrate a very strong R&D strength. In the second quarter, we have published 15 international papers and 25 journal papers.

A key component of AI server is the predictive model of the new multi-modal trajectory that we have released, which also won the championship in the autopilot competition. We have been hosting a global charity event, hoping to make a positive change to society and the environment. For example, we have held a project in Mexico to combat plastic pollution, and we have held a clean beach event in the US. We have also held a calligraphy competition in China, which is in Europe, and our Czech factory also celebrated its 25th anniversary.

For example, we have been promoting this coastal biodiversity project in Taiwan for three consecutive years, and now we are working with NTU to promote this sustainable ecology in Taiwan. We hope to actively protect the biodiversity of Taiwan’s forests. In addition, we also work with New Taipei City and a local community to promote local ecological conservation. In order to enhance our supply chain capacity, we also work closely with the World Sustainable Organization, which will enable us to contribute a little to the sustainable development of our supply chain. We have also officially released the second supplier responsibility report, and the latest report on TCFD’s clean beach strategy.

This is the third year of our internship program, and we have selected 18 internship partners from 1,000 outstanding students this year. Those who wish to participate in the operation of the board of directors are also able to experience the innovative culture of Hon Hai. In terms of the award, we have been selected for the first time this year as a global sustainability recommendation and also received the best progress award in the industry.

This shows that in addition to our operational results, we also take into account the sustainable operation. At the same time, Honghai also won the Asia's Best Employer Award for two consecutive years, which is also the sixth place among the top 100 most influential companies in the Czech Republic. It shows that we have received a lot of recognition, whether it is the care of our employees, the human rights of labor or the roots of the country.

This is why we invite you to come and visit us again. This is our annual event, Hung Hai Science and Technology Day, which will be held from November 21st to November 22nd. The venue is also in the Nangang Sannan Pavilion in Taipei. The focus of this time will be on three smart platforms, a deep integration with AI technology.

We also welcome the government to come together with this school group, where we will have a guide to get a better understanding of the science and technology capabilities of Hon Hai in the future. We hope that everyone will be able to participate in the event. That is the content of today's briefing, thank you all. Next, we will enter the second stage of the Q&A session.

I would like to share with you the impact of tariff changes. First of all, this tariff is really a major challenge for global businesses, but I think the real challenge is not the tariff itself, but the diversity of this policy, which tests the company's agility and resilience. Manufacturing is different from other industries, not that it can be moved, and the overall layout needs to be planned ahead of time, not until it is needed.

This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Using cookies should enable the user to use certain functions, share on social networks and edit messages and advertisements. By clicking on the “OK” button, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. For additional information, please see our privacy policy.

We can communicate closely with our customers and quickly adjust the configuration of the supply chain, which is also the bottom line when faced with the changing tariff policy. So in the long run, the tariff policy will bring some challenges, but it will also give us the opportunity to speed up the global supply chain layout, for the future we will expand the new market, to serve more diverse customers, I think this is a challenge, but instead create a long-term development opportunity.

Want to ask the CEO to share some of the AI server requirements seen in the second half of the year, and the company's participation in the sovereign AI project, is there a future AI server test station rate, is there a chance to proceed further? Thank you. Well, thank you Christine. On the second issue, we see that the strong demand for AI servers has not changed, but continues to strengthen. Most people can also see the outlook of several large CSP capital expenditures...

Here is a transcription of the content based on the original transcription: I would like to first point out that we have a very good performance in the second quarter and a strong outlook for the second half. Now I have two questions to ask, the first question is about the production of AI server cabinets, and the second question is about the progress of Hon Hai's investment in the United States.

First of all, I would like to ask what kind of production bottlenecks are encountered in the assembly test of the AI server cabinets? In addition, it is expected that the number of deliveries in the cabinets is likely to rise significantly, to more than 3000 cabinet shipments in a month? In fact, in some industry legends yesterday will also mention that there are some new and old machine alternations, will we see the same effect?

I also want to have trouble with Katy to update with us, the future Honghai related investments in the United States of America the amount of project, etc., along with the current customer needs of the program. CEO: Thank you Sharon, your congratulations, we will continue to strive to make better results for everyone. Back to your question, I think this second season of the AI server cabinet system, this production I think there is a significant turning point, whether it is production assembly or the cabinet test, has been a major breakthrough and a positive increase.

So in the mass production of this generation of AI server cabinets at the same time, in fact, we have prepared the next generation of cabinet products production, so after the past year experience accumulated, I think that the production and yield of the next generation cabinets will improve, will be more smoothly. So like you see the third quarter of the AI server, will be strong growth, then the fourth quarter will continue to grow, so to answer your questions, will not rush to the window period, will not let everyone get to this window period, we have this technology and ability to arrange very well.

This is the first question. The second question is that you have asked about the layout of the United States. We have been in the United States for many years and now we have a presence in 12 states, and our business covers the four major product areas. In the past year, due to the huge demand for AI servers, we have invested more in AI servers than you just mentioned.

That's a good question to ask about Angela from KGI. Angela asked. Did Angela hear about it? Yes, Angela did hear about it? Can you hear me?

The first is that there is a lot of information about the AI needs of the whole customer, which is also an increase in the capital expenditure of the customer like the CSP, which is a significant increase. That I think is actually the layout of the global factory, and it is also actively in response to the strong demand of the customer. In fact, in the first half of the financial year we see, the company's care pass is almost 770 billion, before the company's annual capital expenditure outlook, it is likely to increase by 20%, so it is about 167 billion.

And then the second question is also back to the presentation, the second quarter of the AI server is more than a year increase, then I don't know if it can also provide the AI revenue share, because the last guidance above is said to be the five way to go, I want to know if the actual number is going here too. Then, of course, just a colleague asked is the 3Q here, it sounds like there is no conversion period for a new old model, then I want to ask this is 200 and 300, it looks like the change in the design, the customer's idea is based on which part, is that they want to convert to 300 or 200, or they have the idea of the above the calculation, etc., is to ask the company, that is also to understand the GB300 on the perspective of Honghai, its release time may be two major questions, thank you.

This is the first question that comes to mind when it comes to capital expenditures for next year. We believe that global AI cloud computing needs are rapidly rising, and the trend of regionalization is still on the rise. In fact, we need continuous deployment in multiple regions, including the United States, and we will keep a close dialogue with our customers to make the necessary investments according to their actual needs, above. That's the second question I'll answer. That's the whole AI server accounted for the entire revenue share of the server, originally expected to be five percent better than expected, so this is the first question. The second question is about the progress of these new and old products, so we may not be able to comment on an individual product, but we can say that at present time, whether we want to get these precious products, or the next generation, there's a strong demand.

Wayne. Can you hear me? Thank you for the management time. I have two questions: the first is about ASIC AI Server, so I remember the company before, non-GPU AI Server in the AI Server revenue about 20%, but this year the company has more high-priced GPU AI Server, so this part of non-GPU ASIC may be relatively low, but this year's revenue is about NT$120 billion?

Will there be an increase in market share? Is there a new customer or old customer will have a new case? That's my first problem. The second is that the company previously announced that the U.S. Ohio State dispensing machine and plant, and the two parts are: What will be the first change for the U.S. to introduce electric vehicle model C in the second half of this year?

Thank you, Mr. Wen. You mentioned the ASIC AI Server question first, and answered the number of revenues you care about: two out of 2024 our AI server revenue is from the ASIC solution. Although this high-priced GPU AI server is rapidly growing, the share of None GPU may be affected or adjusted, but the ASIC market itself is growing rapidly, so we think its absolute amount of revenue is still considerable.

And in fact, we have already started to undertake this AI chip server developed by our customers, so we currently have the ASIC server cooperation with the main CSP customers. We provide more than a server, in fact, from the motherboard server to the cabinet system, the whole vertical service we do, because this is our core competitiveness, and the customer's value is now the most important value.

We see a very clear trend, which is the GPU demand it greatly increased. At the same time, there will be more and more customers, he will develop his own ASIC solution to match this GPU. This is our opinion. The whole market is very fast, and our AI server is an important source of growth.

We expect to grow on ASIC AI servers, which we think is superior to industry average. So in general, ASIC is a very important growth engine in our AI server business. Hung Hai is the main supplier, so the final conclusion is to answer you, we are very optimistic about the development prospects in this field. Well, I have answered the second question, this is the way we get assets from the OFIO plant, in the face of the rapid environmental changes in the industry, we are able to meet the company's long-term development strategy, and we are able to grasp the market growth dynamics.

In the coming months, we should have some more progress to share with you. We will continue to use these funds to expand our investments in the United States. As for Lostown, we will continue to operate and continue to produce products for our customers, which are mainly focused on high-speed growth and the potential of the cloud network.

We will continue to deepen our footprint in the U.S. to respond to the endless needs of the source. If there are any practical plans, we will do something for you. Well, the next question we ask the business Times Guanzhou to ask, Guanzhou please. You are KC, good James, have I heard my voice, please say yes, just mentioned that this year's tech day may be the AI Factory-related humanoid robot, then just before NVIDIA recently proposed a new robotic reasoning vision cooperation, can be said two words, say that Honghai and NVIDIA cooperation in the field of robotics, can further reveal that this year's science and technology day, there are some more special exhibitions, thank you.

In addition to our own development, our robot partners and our close cooperation with NVIDIA, so we will increase our efforts in automation and robotics to improve the level of intelligent manufacturing. As for the technology part, I think you have learned over time that we have a very close cooperation with NVIDIA in the field of robotics, especially on the development of the human robot brain.

In the end of June, when we signed a formal contract with Mitsubishi Electric, there were a lot of Japanese automakers, expressing their interest in the design and manufacturing services, a business model. Our strategic director Seki-san, who also held a strategic seminar in Tokyo last season, also held a strategic seminar with the whole Hon Hai Group, then said that he would help the Japanese automaker to develop more electric vehicles, which included Model A as a basic vehicle, an electric bus, and a bus, which I believe will soon be able to share with our customers a good news for the second time.

This is the most unique solution in the EV industry, so whether it is the platform licensing, joint development or OEM manufacturing, all kinds of cooperation, we will be flexible, will be determined according to the needs of both sides, and complement this advantage. Our goal is to help brand customers, can reach the fastest time to cost, with time to market, to help them compete in the global market.

That also means that the whole AI server in the third quarter. It may account for more than 70% of the total revenue. So I'll probably calculate it. If so, the algorithm follows Guidance. In the third quarter, the red sea revenue will be more than 2.5 trillion.

Why this AI server is so good. Because some ODMs give guidance a few days ago was nothing good. It was not a company that changed anything about some customers. That's my first problem. The second problem is that I want to make a second product line. Of course this iPhone.

That's just the way the company also has a guide that says that this revenue may go down. That's mainly the impact of the dollar. That's also the ASP. I can't ask if there is any problem with ASP here. That's my main two questions thank you. That's the part that grows on the whole AI server.

And we see that we have the whole production rate already. Gradually rising to a good condition. The other one is that we are in this. Whether we are existing customers or a new client section. We will gradually increase these orders.

We will either add new customers or add new orders. So we also expect the overall market share. There will continue to be an expected increase. So that's why I want to look at the whole AI server for the third or fourth quarter. A major reason for being more significant or strong.

That's a company-wide outlook. That's just what I think the CEO mentioned in the presentation. The outlook for our consolidated revenue across the third quarter is limited growth. That's not going to change. That's the first. That's the second part.

The whole ICT product section. The same was just mentioned by the CEO. We really have a very diverse product on the whole ICT product. So we can't comment on a single customer copying one product. This product is a consumer smart product. The whole package contains a mobile phone.

Mobile game console with this TV. So if you look at the number of shipments, this number is very stable in itself. That's what we're seeing now in terms of this tariff level throughout the second quarter of the year. There's basically a 10% gap compared to the same period last year. That's what we're looking at as a whole.

Why the number is relatively stable. Or a recession on the revenues above. The biggest reason is still because of the influence of the exchange rate. So here is probably a supplement to this. Good time is 4 o'clock.

Thank you for joining us today. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact our IGA team. Thank you very much.