<think> Ok, now I need to process the transcription of the user and convert it into paragraph-based transcription. First, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten, or condensed in any sentence, so the integrity of the original text must be maintained. Next, I need to analyze the transcription fragments provided to see how these transcriptions are rationally combined into a coherent paragraph.

First of all, each entry in a verb has a timestamp, but the user may want to remove the timestamp and only retain the content. However, the user does not specify whether the timestamp needs to be retained, but according to the treatment in the example, it may not be required. Therefore, I need to remove the timestamp section first, and only retain the conversation content. Next, look at the structure of the content.

It is important to note that some sentences may belong to the same topic and should be merged into the same paragraph. For example, the introduction of the time of the company and the part of the development process should be linked together. Similarly, segmentation is also required for the proportion of electronic and stationery businesses, application areas, etc.

In addition, some sentences may be repeated or need to be adjusted in order to ensure smoothness. For example, the proportion of revenue in Taiwan and mainland China may be required to merge the relevant sentences. At the same time, pay attention to the continuity of the timeline, such as the progress of the company's development from the time of its establishment to the present project.

During the processing process, ensure that the sentence logic within each paragraph is consistent with the theme. For example, when introducing the company's top level, put the relevant sentence together; when discussing the application of the product, segment the application in different fields. At the same time, pay attention to the order of the original words, without any modification or adjustment, even if some sentences may appear grim, in the order of the original. Finally, check if there are missing sentences, make sure that all the contents are converted correctly, and no information is added or deleted.

We are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we will be pleased to announce that we will be pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased to announce that we are pleased with our new members.

At present, in Shunde Group, the total number of employees is about 2400, two, the main directory in Taiwan, Taiwan in Changhua and Nantou, and the Jiangsu province of Dabei. At present, the proportion of electronic and stationery, 84% on electronic, stationery 16% on such a proportion. The lead price in the proportion of the lead price, is currently the highest market share in the world, is No. 1. In the part of the hardware stationery is the most in Taiwan, after all, after all, our hardware stationery has been 72 years, and the electronic business this year is 42 years. The company was founded in 1953, starting from the super bag.

The first ITM customer is the E-WELL semiconductor-based, and the subsequent revenue in Taiwan is about 80% or more. In 23 years, we completed the H-DOM in Nantou, the H-DOM in Nantou is mainly compared to the back electroplating of high-end vehicles, and in the future, the AI or human-type machines are also used in the development of the latter part, and the process is more emphasised in the future. In the second half of 25 years, we will also be in Changhua's factory, Changhua's factory is in this movement, about 50 years of an update. With the proportion of revenue between Taiwan and the mainland, Taiwan accounted for 75%, the mainland accounted for 25%.

In addition to 5G, the public part is also used in a part of the military defense industry. Some household appliances, such as Python, are more of a large current, also need to be used in our public wireframe, which accounts for 22%. In the case of consumer electronics, the proportion of this part is 26%, and the other 2% is other kinds of parts. The consumer electronics part is used in the mobile phone industry, its VCM lens module is used in one application.

This is the application of the whole product in different industrial properties. In addition, if the type of product, there are five categories. The Power Module, mainly used in EV Charge, slow speed charging this part of the application, also need to be used in this so-called voltage current of the inverter interaction of a module. In addition, the IPM module, it belongs to the DC, such as DC to DC DC DC, this one also needs to be used in this kind of high power wireframe.

Discrete follows this so-called sensor, the so-called robot or human-type robot, and in the future, our customers will also have more and more pondering in this so-called robot. We believe that this so-called humanoid part of the application, currently there are three customers, this part of the development will grow gradually with this industry trend. This technology is mainly applied to a high-end time part of this kind of guide frame, like this QFM part of the application, some of its foundry is our peers, when some of the foundry. VCA module is this Inchema shot, this multi-camera cell phone, one lens to two balls, three cameras to six balls, so this application also we need to use the so-called H10 technology.

We are also proud to be with the entire Invading company since 2024, which has been the development of the entire industry since 2024, followed by the development of silicon nitride or nitride frames, we will also be with our customers this business team, two weeks ago from Singapore, with Invading's RD and Invading's development team in the next generation and a new product. In the stationery part of our 50% of our stationery revenue is based on the free brand, the free brand is relatively priced, the free brand's gross profit is probably more than 3 percent, about 22% is commissioned by the ODM customer design, the object is the stationery industry, and the Japan's stationery industry is dominated.

The Vishare Group used to be more prophetic than ever. The ST Micro was more of a prophet. The Vishare it called the VV Ratio was more prophetic. The Vishare it called the VV Ratio was more prophetic. It should be more optimistic about the outlook after the second quarter. The fourth largest is Nexperia.

Nexperia is a relatively three-dimensional customer. This piece of development of our use of its new products is also continuously promoting. The other fifth is the portion of Ong. Ongsemi. The Ongsemi part.

It is mainly a part of what we developed last year. This year, we should continue to increase the amount of detoxification. The top five customers accounted for about 60% of our average customers. The stationery customers mainly sell in the same industry.

This year, our dividend distribution rate is about 67%. Those years, it was about 62% more than a proportion. That year, our gross profit was relatively low. That was the start of the second half of last year.

The second half of the year is mainly the impact of a demand for EV, and a adjustment in the customer's stock. This car is good for this margin. But if there is a so-called demand slowing down.

The resumption is a bit larger. So last year we had about 16% of our entire margin. It was a little lower than the first two years of 17% and a little lower than the previous 17%. In the whole portion of the debt ratio. We are still in a continuous adjustment. So we wanted to say that we expected to issue a CV this year.

That's after this adjustment. Our debt ratio should have the opportunity to drop from 41% to below 4%. That's below 4%. That's in the investment section. We'll still continue to operate in Taiwan on a subsequent factory flight. The adjustment of pure goods is probably coming to a relatively low point in recent months.

That's our customer adjustment. This customer adjustment has also reached a relative low of nearly 9 months. This is a briefing about this company. Thank you all.