The following is a re-edited paragraph-by-text transcript: We welcome all investors to join us for the discussion in the first quarter of 2025. The meeting was presented by Mr. Peter Chen, Chairman of the Board, Mr. Joe Wong, General Manager and Mr. Jessime Hung, CFO.

In addition, the General Manager and Conference of the Casdarke Group was invited, namely, Daniel Xue, General Manager of Information Technology Business Group, Daniel Lam, General Manager of Business and Industrial Business Group, Mr. Yang Hong-Pei, General Manager of Medical Business Group, Mr. Tseng Wenxin, General Manager of Intelligent Solutions Group, Mr. Huang Wenfang, General Manager of Network Communication Group, and Mr. Wang Li-Shan Michael.

We will then share a brief summary of our business group business with the general manager of each business group. After that, we will carry out Q&A. Investment advanced can use the question section below the network to enter your questions, and we will summarize all your investment advanced questions. Before starting the report, we would like to remind you that any forward-looking forecasts in the report are risky, please take some time to read the disclaimer on page 4 of the slide. Thank you.

The entire sales and service base is spread all over the world, with more than 200 locations. The main research and development is in Taiwan and China. The number of employees worldwide is 26000. The second is the distribution of revenues in our region, and what we care about now.

That's about 30% in the Americas and 17% in Europe. We look at the group's business distribution. First of all, it's the purple part, that's the high value added business we've developed in recent years.

First of all, we have four business groups. The first one is IT business group, and the IT industry, the revenue in the first quarter is 2.7 billion. The layout here in IT, mainly the display. The display revenue is about 1.9 billion. There is also a high value-added business in IT in recent years, professional display modules and some connected system solutions.

The main focus is in three areas, the intelligent enterprise IT, that is, the AI computing part, security and network security, and cloud integration and digital transformation. As for the intelligent part of the OT, the emphasis is on green energy automation and industrial computer. The third is an online and offline integration service. The third largest business group is medical, 14% 72 billion.

In addition, we also have a surgical lamp on the equipment consumables, which is then part of hemodialysis. It is divided into three categories. The revenue of network communication is 4.5 billion percent. The main layout is in the area of urban networks, the switch micro-cell base stations, etc.

In fact, in the first quarter of the year compared to the same period last year, net profit in revenue was attributable to the parent company's net profit, which grew by 6% compared to last year's. In the first quarter of the year, net profit attributable to the parent company was 497 billion, and YY increased by 6%. Net profit attributable to the parent company was 9.9 billion, and YY increased by 0.7 billion by 8%.

On the gross profit margin above is 7.3, which is a new high in recent years. YY increased by 1.3%. However, net profit margin is still flat and maintained by 2%. But the net profit margin was 1% with an increase of 0.5 points.

First of all, we divide the so-called information business group, information business group, whether in the business group, revenue growth gross profit margin or net profit margin is always rising. First of all, the revenue has increased by 1.8 billion by 7%. The main thing is that the display revenue has grown by 10%.

The net profit amount of gross profit margin YY is showing growth. That in IT there is a high added value, in this quarter revenue is also showing a growth of 6%. In gross profit margin and net profit margin are all more than the previous period of growth. Information business revenue, whether revenue or profit margin is rising. We look at the high value of the business, that is, in fact, sales and business gross profit margin is also showing growth.

Mostly in this high value-added business revenue stream, intelligent solutions are better performing, and it has grown by 8 percent in terms of revenue. Gross profit margins and net profit margins have increased over the same period last year. In other words, the net profit in the whole business is a small decrease in the total value-added business, mainly in medical and networking. So, let's talk about medical, medical overall revenue is a growth of 21 percent.

The total gross profit margin has grown over the same period last year, but the net profit margin is relatively small. This part of us can be explained as a so-called investment, as we know that the Nanjing Minjie Hospital in the past two years in constructing the so-called second phase of operation, which opened in 2025.

This is why there is no IPO fee in the first quarter of last year, and that is the first quarter of this year. So from the perspective of the whole medical business, although the net operating interest rate has declined slightly, these costs are a relatively short-term shock, hoping to bring a better future profit, or the capital market to contribute. The Internet business, mainly or revenue on the decline of 13 percent, that is in the revenue scale and the demand of the industry, which is in the revenue scale and the demand of the industry, and the demand of the industry, so that the total gross profit margin and net profit of the net profit of the net profit of the Internet is a loss, so the net profit of the entire value-added business has been pulled down.

The second most important thing is that we included his gross margin in the first quarter of this year or continue to rise, so the whole group's gross margin has increased to 17.3, the operating fee of 7.6 billion, which is the same as the first quarter of last year's 1 billion, which is the same as our acquisition, he has increased revenue, and the amount has increased, so we see that the increase in this capacity is relatively biased, so the gross margin will increase, but the overall gross margin of this new merger company for oi's percentage is also increased, this is the first focus. The second increase in business expenses is mainly from folk base, because Min-based is a relatively high gross margin, mainly in this quarter with this advertising fee, but he brings an increase, so our net profit in the end of 7200 million percent.

In fact, if this part of the stock is about some stock with the end of the year, we tend to go to the city or Mingda, because this part of the stock has been shipped to the United States first, so there is an increase in some stocks, and some new mergers and acquisitions come in the first quarter, so the stock also increased. The same period last year increased 8 billion, the main part of this part is that there is a large increase in revenue in Gaza and Mingda, and in fact, the growth of this first quarter of this year, the growth of Mingda and other subsidiaries has a similar effect.

In addition to the high value of IT, the high value of IT remained at a scale of about 300 billion, the IT's original business revenue of 235 is also the growth of 7%. We look at the gross profit margin range of each business, so we look at the yellow in the first quarter of the yellow is the gross profit margin range, this range will see that the gross profit margin range of medical or BSG is about 20 to 25, the gross profit margin range of that network is also 15 to 20, the high value of that network is also the growth of 8%, and that is the most common part of the gross profit margin of BSG.

The overall load is called YY. The increase is due to the increase in Nobel, which has increased by 23 million. The profit of Concord is a new high in the same period in the past four years. The new company listed on the smart solution in Taiwan is more. We look at the result of the whole profit.

And it's a new high in the last two years. That's a rise in revenue. 18% but a slight decline in profits. Narosson's revenue has also increased significantly. That's an increase of 26 million and a new increase in the three-year period.

That's the only thing that's going on in Madat with a slight decline in revenue. That's a loss of 136 million. The main reason for this is because Madat is outside the industry. Hold this financial asset. An impact of parity. That's a relatively large benefit over the same period last year.

The total consolidated revenue is less than 65600 million 13%. The profit is also less than 1730 million. The net profit is on the rise.

2025 million allows us to reach the increase in the middle. Suddenly it will be found. Tasks are not able to complete its limits. But we are not. All in all, we are dragged and dragged.

This year we also have more than 15 million people. The creepy self-examination. During the pandemic, we obviously can also delay the tax, but we see.

And we saw. We talked about the overall direction of this year. The big direction of the landscape. So we can see our first quarter results. Just the Chief Financial Officer has explained. We are on top of revenue and profit.

This is the second season of this year. It is the second season of this year. The second season of this year should be optimistic. This is mainly from this 90-day exemption period of this tariff.

So it can be expected. There are very few product lines. There should be an increase in the willingness and power of this stock. So revenue is above. The second quarter should be able to maintain our first quarter. YY growth.

That is above profit. Of course, there are more variables to compare. The main variables come from. Tariff stands after this exemption period of 90 days. Expected in mid-July. May be around 9th July.

90 days after the expiration of the contract. What will happen to the new equivalent tariffs? What will happen? Only until July 8th 9th this can be clarified. The tariffs of the countries will be negotiated with the United States.

It is necessary to look at the detailed breakdown of this tariff after this 90-day period. This will only determine the impact of this shipment, etc. Another factor is that this variable is the impact on this exchange rate.

In the past, it has been from 33 to a minimum of 29 pieces. The two days are still in about 30 pieces. These are actually correct. There are also some shocks on the top of the currency, especially these rapid deterioration.

It's probably a shock to the entire currency. That's another factor of the war. As long as you're concerned about today's news, India and Pakistan already have this in place.

This conflict is clearly conflicting. It is certainly not what we are looking forward to. It is the impact of these effects on everyone's money. We will try our best to keep this big trend that we have talked about before.

That's all. That's all because of the changes in this president. You've just seen our report. Last time I mentioned something special, we're all in the future direction of the future. I'm also focused on this piece of medicine.

To strengthen this change in the overestimating value. Increase the speed of investment to grow. Because this is a part of our entire group and other ICT industries.

We can do different things. Mode. That is, the breadth and depth of the total investment in medical care. We will definitely speed up the amount of energy invested.

This year will be the main growth energies. This year will be more years ago. In terms of the growth of medical care, there will be a significant increase. In view of the recent mention of the trend of these tariff wars, it is also good for us.

As you can see, I just looked at it a little bit. Advances have already been asked. Just our financial party said. Revenue in the United States is 30%. How much is the United States.

The US ICT is about 26% accurate. That's 26%. The other 4% comes from South America. South America and Canada. That's roughly 26%. That's about 14% of our overall revenue.

That's medical. Relatively low proportion of the United States here. So the impact is relatively low. So we need to strengthen our future. And the direction of enlargement of the whole medical profession. It is good for us.

There is also a big purpose. That is to say, the tariff war has changed a lot. And the combination of globalization. These take a lot of time to change.

The impact of this piece is even greater.

<think> Ok, now I need to process the verbatim of the user and organize it into paragraph verbatim. First of all, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten or condensed in any sentence, so it is necessary to maintain the integrity of the original word.

First of all, I will read the whole transcript to understand the overall structure and content. It looks like this is a transcription of a company law meeting involving the speech of different executives, including the chairman, general manager, and the report of the general manager of each business group. The content mainly discusses the business development in the coming quarters, tariff issues, the exchange rate impact, the operation of each business group, etc. Next, I need to reorganize the translated transcription into paragraphs. Each timestamp corresponds to a logical sequence of words, forming a consistent paragraph. It should be noted that some sentences may belong to the same subject or to the continuous speech of the same speaker, which should be merged together.

For example, when the president starts to speak, he needs to end the previous chairman's speech and start a new paragraph. Similarly, when the general manager of the business should speak, each speech should be independent and maintain the consistency of the speaker's identity and content. During the process, there may be some verbalized expressions or duplicated content, such as "this", "that", and other links, which need to be retained because the user requests not to delete anything.

In addition, timestamps and time ranges also need to be retained, but users may want to integrate them into paragraphs instead of listed separately. However, according to the example provided by the user, timestamps seem to be omitted, so timestamps may need to be removed, only retain the content. It is also important to pay attention to the proper use of punctuation marks to ensure the natural connection between sentences. For example, some sentences may end with a comma or a sentence, need to determine whether the punctuation is necessary according to the context, but the user requests not to change the content, so it can only be adjusted without changing the original intention.

Finally, check whether the whole paragraph is smooth, whether it is logical order, to ensure that each speaker's content is complete, and not missing any sentences. At the same time, make sure that there is no addition or deletion of any content, and organize it according to the transcripts provided by the user. In summary, the steps include: read through the content, identify the transformation of the speaker, merge the relevant sentences into paragraphs, retain all the original content, correctly use punctuation, and ensure that the format meets the requirements.

Now that it is the second place, this is the second-largest of the three new high value-added businesses, and I think it will soon be the first one to see. That is the role of our entire group, and there will be more and more apparent results from this differentiation with the industry. So, I guess I'm going to go ahead with you in these big directions and make some simple analysis with my friends. So let's take a closer look at the Q&A. Next, let's ask our general manager to host the next stage, the big direction of operation of the mainstream companies, and the detailed explanation of the various businesses. Thank you.

I am the general manager of this senior report. In terms of the environment, I just said a lot of things that I don't repeat here. At the moment, the most concerned or the US tariff issue and the appreciation of the Taiwan dollar issue, we have to deal with the countermeasures, and we have been taking this nature hedge approach and have been hedging the parts of the US dollar to reduce the interest rate of our tariffs.

This is the best way to grow your IT business and healthcare business from the perspective of the various business segments of Gonda. While the IT industry is uncertain about its tariffs, this gap of 90 days gives us the opportunity to have zero tariffs at this time, giving us the opportunity to bring our goods to the front line. It is expected that IT will continue to grow slightly in the second quarter or even in the same period.

In terms of smart solutions, the project of the connected business in emerging markets has begun mass production, which brings new growth momentum, and actively responds to the changes caused by tariffs, as well as to lay this base in the third place. This is probably the case with my report, so we ask the general manager of the business group for the first quarter operating performance and the outlook for the second quarter to give a brief explanation and summary, then we ask the general manager of the business group to explain to you. Hello, I am Daniel Xue Taorong, I would like to report to you about the situation of the IT business group in the first quarter and the outlook for the second quarter.

Looking ahead to the second quarter, there is a global demand for displays, especially in the U.S. market, and his uncertainty is greatly increased due to tariff issues. The production model of Gsta's commercial customers in China plus one is actually ahead of the overall market. But now, due to the scrutiny of the U.S. government, and the conservative impact of corporate needs, our sales in the second quarter are still high.

Thanks to Denny, General Manager of Commercial and Industrial Business Group, Mr. Lin Yiqing, I would like to thank him for the report. Hello everyone, I have come to report on Q1's focus in 2025 and Q2's outlook. The whole Q1 part, the projector's customer needs are conservative, so the YOY is a double-digit recession. The demand for new products in industrial and commercial customers is good, although there is a conservative control inventory, the whole Q1 is still a number of growth.

Looking forward to Q2, the projector customers have a grace period of 90 days, and the demand for Q2 is now increased by about 30% compared to Q1. In addition to urgent cooperation with the customer transfer production base, cherish these 90 days of tracking and overtime production to meet the needs of the customer. In the industrial and commercial customers part, Q1 conservative control inventory also looked at the market demand, the Q2 now looks like a 30% increase in the demand of Q2 compared to Q1.

The following is a rescheduled paragraph transcript: Thank you Yiqing. Next we asked Mr. Yang Fengping, General Manager of Medical Group, to report to you. Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Group, said: Thank you. Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Group, General Manager of Medical Group, Mr. Yang Fengpei, I am the General Manager of Medical Group, Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Group, Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Group, is here to report with you the focus of the first quarter of our total medical growth of about 21% to 70.

Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of the Medical Group, said: "The biggest contribution to the medical group is from the dinosaur which is dinosaur. Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of the Medical Group, said: "There are two parts of this whole medical experiment: the dinosaur which contains dinosaur in the medical group. Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of the Medical Group, said: "The physical path of immune health and red-printed cast suspended." Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of the Medical Group, said: "The current strategy we are doing the same thing as the positive in the store."

Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group, said: "The only thing we can do is to expand our own electricity supply and purchase through our own investments. Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group, said: "The most important thing is to be more accurate and efficient and have some lasting effect on the original business. Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group, said: "This is what we are doing now." Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group, said: "The other one we are actively working on strategic cooperation with the drugstore in Korea and Japan.

Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group, said, "If we are in another part of the medical material, we are cut to these pet markets in Korea, except the original dialysis market. Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group, said that some other collection orders in China are gradually being released. Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group, said, "This is the part of dialysis." Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group, said that the image we are using the original image technology to start a new product. Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of the medical business group, Mr. Yang Fengpei, then we can start to develop some international markets.

Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group: Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group: Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group: Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group: Looking ahead to the second quarter, it seems that we will still grow as a whole or as a result of the first quarter. Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group: Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group: There is a lot of progress. Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group: Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of Medical Business Group: That is above.

Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of the Medical Group: Thank you Harry. Mr. Yang Fengpei, General Manager of the Medical Group: Next, we asked the General Manager of the Intelligent Solutions Group to report the thank you. Mr. Zeng Wenxin, General Manager of the Intelligent Solutions Group: You have invested in advanced and media friends, I am the General Manager of the Intelligent Solutions Group. Zeng Wenxin, General Manager of the Intelligent Solutions Group: YOY grew by 8% in the first quarter of our business group. Zeng Wenxin, General Manager of the Intelligent Solutions Group: The main strategic implementation method is our focus on this computing software service and automation core business development.

General Manager of Intelligent Solutions Group, Tseng Wenxin: We also synchronized the continuous optimization of the existing business. General Manager of Intelligent Solutions Group, Tseng Wenxin: In the continuous optimization of the existing business, we help the overseas subsidiary to improve the operational performance. General Manager of Intelligent Solutions Group, Tseng Wenxin: In the field of computing business development in the field of industrial computers, we strengthen the layout of this edge AI computing.

Tseng Wenxin, General Manager of Smart Solutions Business Group, U.S.A. We are actively looking to increase our shipping efforts. General Manager of Smart Solutions Business Group, Tseng Wenxin, General Manager of Smart Solutions Business Group, U.S.A. We are actively participating in the development of NRF in the U.S.

Tseng Wenxin: We also have a new product to promote this AI-enabled automatic checkout system. General Manager of Intelligent Solution Business Group, Tseng Wenxin: There is also a market such as catering Kiosk also increased our Q1 revenue. General Manager of Intelligent Solution Business Group, Tseng Wenxin: Facing the second quarter, our business group is a small number of AIoT customers and markets.

Tseng Wenxin, General Manager of Smart Solution Business Group: Tseng Wenxin, General Manager of Smart Solution Business Group: Tseng Wenxin, General Manager of Smart Solution Business Group: Tseng Wenxin, General Manager of Smart Solution Business Group: Thank you Josh.

Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group, said: "We have reported to you that the business-oriented customer of the Mingtai Group has continued to adjust our inventory. Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group, said: "We have a slight increase in revenue in the first quarter compared to negative 13%. Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group, said: "This is the result.

Ms. Apro Huang Wenfang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group, said: "We have a slight increase in the cost of this research and development, but we have some decrease in the cost of other management. Ms. Apro Huang Wenfang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group, said: "There is nothing unusual about the other parts. Ms. Apro Huang Wenfang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group, said: "Looking at Q2, it looks like Q1 is going to grow more than Q1.

Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group, is very clear about the growth of this part of the limited bandwidth. Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group, will also bring us growth in the Q2. Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group, is slightly lower than the previous issue. Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group, Apro: This part is the outlook of Q2.

Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group: So he did not fully contribute to our Q2 revenue. Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group: but it was able to ensure that the cost of most of our revenue in Netcom Business Group is without tariff burden. Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group: Thank you. Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group: Thank you. Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group: This is a description of the operating results of Netcom Business Group in the first quarter of 2025 and the outlook for the second quarter of 2025. Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group: Start Q&A now.

Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group: You can use the question area below the Internet to enter your questions. Ms. Apro Huang, General Manager of Netcom Business Group: Due to the limited time, we will arrange the questions and reply to you in a general manner.



This is a good way to do this. This is the style and the way we want to talk about each of the topics we want to talk about each of the questions basically have been answered in this fixed format, there are a lot of numbers in the direction of the guidance we do not seem to talk about numbers, if we look at the report of the problem to reference the numbers is a lot, so we are afraid that too many of the numbers will be confused to reference the numbers, so many of the numbers will be standardized and the final results of our digital business, of course, as long as the numbers are presented so that we want to understand this time and again, the communication with this kind of communication with this conversation will become more and more familiar. RD also made 1 or 20 years later, and now the new product is doing a lot of the next way to say if there is a chance that I will moderate this increase in technical-related content and technical focus such as sharing this also thanks to our advanced investment advice, which we will gradually increase the improvement is probably because now 3 points to most of the questions answered in response to the 2025 just mentioned today's variables, more especially in tariffs, and the impact of this exchange rate, etc. Everyone will make this year's conditions higher than last year's hard work, and I hope that this year's results will be better than this team has been working on the way, I hope that we can overcome all kinds of difficulties and finally give reasonable results.

We hope all of you support us through these arrangements and finally, this will definitely give our shareholders the better feedback and contribute to the better. We are here to answer this question. Thank you for your continued support and we will be here today. Thank you for your continued support and thanks for your continued support.