The following is a re-arranged paragraph-by-text transcript:. Dear guests and online friends, good afternoon, everyone. The session we are going to perform today is the performance preview of Solomon Co., Ltd. The same 20 minutes before, we will ask the company to first conduct a financial and business briefing. We will ask the company's chief financial officer and business officer to provide a briefing. The Chief Financial Officer will report the financial aspects and the business will report the section of the business.

The next 10 minutes are the time for Q&A. So before we get started, let's introduce our guests today. As we sing the channel later, please stand up with our online friends as well as our online friends to greet us. We first introduce the Chairman of Solomon, Mr. Chen Zhenlong, and Mr. Fu Shichang, the Chief Financial Officer.

Welcome to the Chief Financial Officer. I am the Chief Financial Officer and spokesperson of Solomon, Hung Shichang. Today, we will be divided into two parts, the financial aspect of the report by me, the preferential part, and I will ask our Chairman Chen to talk about it. We look at the next page, and we look at the overall performance of the first quarter of this year.

This part, in contrast to the first quarter of last year, was about 4% growth. The increase was about 4.3 million sales. Mainly the increase in the amount of automation products and the increase in the part of this machine product. We look at the next page, the whole part of the 100 BU of the Blaid Down, we can see that in the part of the automation product, in the first quarter, has actually increased from 22. 41 to 25. 05, there is probably an increase of 2. 64%.

The gross profit portion of this gross profit portion is 19.23, slightly lower than the first quarter of last year, about 2.8. In this part, there is a slight difference in the whole performance due to a different part of a portfolio. We look at the whole of the operating expenses part is 2.1.6 billion. In this part, it is about 18 million more than the same period last year. This part is mainly an increase in our research and development costs and an increase in our marketing costs.

This is the part of our business that we make a profit of 1800 million. In comparison to last year's loss of 2300 million, we have increased the profit of 41 million of our business. Then we look at the part of our revenues outside the industry, what we have to say here is that we look at the rest of the other part of our revenues in this other industry, where we have lost 31 million. The main thing is that some of the stocks we have invested in during March, we have this month's stock, this month's stock we're this month's stock, we're this month's stock, this month's stock, in March, the stock in March, the entire market is not good, here we probably lost about 74 million of an impact. So this economy is after tax is 1310 million. EPS at $0. 07.

This is a profit and loss part of the entire merger, so let's look at the next page, in the asset part of the table we look at, from the asset at 117 billion. This is about 1.3 billion more than last year. It is mainly in the part of the shipping payment, about 2.4 billion.

The other part is the part that pays dividends, because this year's dividends are about 1 dollar. This year's dividend distribution is about 1 dollar.

The other part is a debt to pay dividends, about 1.7 billion of which is a debt to pay dividends. The entire debt ratio is about 40%. The equity of shareholders is about 600 million. The equity of the shareholders is about 1.7 billion. This is just mentioned here, the portion of the payable dividends is about 1.7 billion. The net worth per share is $35.4 million.

Let's look at the next page, okay, this is a distribution of our past EBS and dividends. Take a look at last year's overall, our EBS is $0.84. The expected dividend is 1 dollar. Next, we ask the chairman to explain here.

First of all, I would like to point out that the whole part of our AI robot, excluding this part of our agent, now we have more than 500 customers around the world. The 500 customers have about one-third of the customers, and it has been refactored to be repeat customer. This cross-industry is probably a lot, and I'm here to explain it in two pages. The first page is this part of our 3D robot vision.

This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Using cookies should enable the user to use certain functions, share on social networks and edit messages and advertisements. By clicking on the “OK” button, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. For additional information, please see our privacy policy.

This is the first time that we have been selling software alone, so that the price of this unit can not be too much, so we will now start to provide this for solution. In fact, we have the answer with NVIDIA and the audio industry together to publish a solution, so the three companies have released this press release, we put this film, this is one solution, this is the fault check above SERVER AI SERVER, this is actually the ROBA with the fault detection in the application, useful for FOR Solution Motion Planning entry control, plus locking our own AI fault detection, integration together. What will be the difference, in the past may be a fault detection software, we can only sell two thousand dollars, such a solution, such as we will sell this product to the U.S. The agent is defined in AI, you need to be independent through AI, let him go, help the person under the command to complete the work, that from the point of view of ROBA, this agent he at least needs, with a few elements, that first he wants a very smart vision, because there is a, good vision, he is able to learn all kinds of new objects quickly, then, I think we are in, many clients, have already proven that we, AI do visual recognition, the number of sheets needed to learn is much more than the counterpart needs, much less, this is a big strength, then we imagine that if you are an agent you, looking for someone to help you do things, agent you don't want, a agent is to learn something slow, so your overall efficiency will be very low.

If you want to know more about this type of robot, you need to know more about this type of robot, this type of robot, this type of robot, this type of robot, this type of AMR, this type of robot, this type of robot, this type of robot, this type of robot, this type of robot, this type of robot, this type of robot, this type of robot, this type of robot, we need to be able to be together, so we have this kind of AI in the last seven years, this type of AI, how to do this type of robot, how to do it, how to do it, how to do it, how to do it, how to do it, how to do it, how to do it, how to do it.

If you want to know more about us, please let us know. If you want to know more about us, please let us know. If you want to know more about us, please contact us. If you want to know more about us, please contact us. If you want to know more about us, please let us know. If you want to know more about us, please let us know. If you want to know more about us, please contact us.

I would like to ask the audience friends why the gross profit margin YY is a recession, then the second is to ask about the gross profit margin of each product line, and then the prospect of each product line for 25 or 26 years? Thank you. The gross profit margin overall Jack tells you, but this product for each product we don't do this break down. In the first quarter, there was a decline in gross profit margin, and there were a few of them: the first of our portfolio, because the entire revenue has increased, some adjustments to some of the product portfolio, the combination is not the same; then we have some of the project that gross profit margin was received at reception, which was listed in the quarter, so the overall gross profit margin is the next day.

Well, we're back. I'd like to ask you if we can mention the outlook of our overall business this year and our future development direction, which is how we will do this year. Of course, the current environmental factors change a lot, this trade war rate, etc., so it's also difficult to do this here, but what we saw last year we look like this public charge - public prosecution means that we're like this in the agency - last year we're not good at every unit, it seems that at least in the first quarter of the year, whether we have a generator or a public charge, so of course, there must be a relatively large growth in the AI here, so far, so far, I don't dare to be afraid to predict what environmental factors are going on.

So this year, because there is really a lot of good performance of the public prosecutors, then this ROMAP is not really the first thing to say is that it is likely or just the industrial part of the said industry, and then you can't talk about the fact that we seem to be like a robot dog to cure a humanoid robot part of this part, that is, AI physics AI, this part of this part, about when can really compare to see some of the numbers above some Feedback? The public prosecutor is actually only a traditional industry, we are talking about like a POC converter, so this is an old industry, so we are in this part of the agency.

It may be a robot. His joints or some of them. Or the Color App. Some of them are.

The need is now seen. This place is just mentioned. It may be a physical limitation on the hardware above. Which effect may be a bit larger. It should be said now. For example, this type of robot.

The software follows the brain part of AI. Keep your hands and feet on the part. Do a segmentation. In fact, the soft part is. Run faster and progress faster, but on the machine.

We are told, "Let us go to our booth to see the man-made robot. Every step of the way is wrong. There are a number of centimeters. How many such errors are accumulated.

His hand is stretched out, and his hand is stretched out, and his hand is stretched out, and his hand is stretched out, and his hand is stretched out, and his hand is stretched out, and his hand is stretched out, and he is stretched out.

Just answer the questions before you. It's time to do it. There's a lot of use. I think at least these are the key elements.

It is a good time for you to ask questions, and we will give you a good time to ask questions.

The chairman came to the scene to ask some questions. About the robot. There are some questions about the future development of AI. I want to ask the management team. We are currently.

This year will be held in Q1, will it not be this year, will it be this year, will it be this year, will it be this year, will it be this year, will it be this year, will it be in Q1, will it be this year?

And then we said, "This year, we're going to do this, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it."

Or RD people are constantly on the move. Expansion. Marketing is also on the move. Marketing should be pretty much the same. Marketing shouldn't be on the rise significantly.

Is there anything else we would like to ask about on the site? Is there anything else we would like to ask about on the site? Any questions we would like to ask about on the site?

Good for us, good for us, good for us, good for us, good for us, good for us, good for us, good for us, good for us.

It's probably how much capital expenditure is. Then it might be this year's capital expenditure. Which direction to go. Raise such a thank you. Raise such. OK generic Bombing I just talked about this agent.

In fact, we want to build it faster. Let's compare it to this one. At least in physical agent this one can go. No other global manufacturer will fall behind them. Leading manufacturers will not fall behind them. So this one is a positive investment.

So if there is no other problem at the scene. Today we set up our performance outlook to give a paragraph here. Let's give thanks to the Chairman with a warm applause.