Investors. Welcome to the company with investment. Company 2024. Yes. Yes.

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.

Yes, yes, yes, you.

You are, you are, you are, you are, you are, you are, you are.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Yes, yes, yes, yes. hvis.

Any forward-looking forecasts in the report are risky. Please take a moment to read the disclaimer on this page. Thank you. Let's take a moment to read our presentation today.

I am Mr. Wong Li-min, Chief Financial Officer. Below is a summary of the results and business of 2024. The consolidated revenue for the fourth quarter of 2024 was $29.85 billion. That quarter increased by 18%. That year grew by 37%. The gross profit in the business was $8.65 billion.

Gross margin is 29%. Gross margin increased by 1.7. Annual growth of $2.5 billion. Net profit after tax is $3.7 billion. Owners of the parent company are $1.8 billion. Basic earnings per share is $1.57.

The annual revenue for 2024 reached $95.84 billion. Gross profit margin was 27.9%. The net profit was $6.5 billion. Net profit was $4.9 billion. The owner of the parent company was $397 billion. EPS was $3.46.

Cumulative revenue increased by 4.4% compared to the same period in 2023. Mainly the demand for the entire market is heating up. That part of the application of a major increase is military products. There is also a part of the product information. The other part is our fourth quarter of 2024. This part is moving.

So there is an expected part. Now let's look at this part of the situation. In this part of the revenue and profit have an impact on the growth. That part of the gross profit margin in the single-season period. We are currently on a growing portion. In the part of the operating rate, this part also increases because of the increase in revenue and gross profit.

Let's take a look at the parts in our various categories that are in revenue. In the application category. In our moving into the board section. Currently, in 2024, it is 38.8%. That in 2023, the part is reduced by about 7%. That in the security product portion is 24%.

This part of the product in industrial automation currently accounts for 38%. So the increase is also 4%. That is to say, in this area of the product. The whole Asia-Pacific portion is 56%. That is to say, in this area of change.

In this area of change. It is in this area of change. It is in this area of change. Then this distribution is in the same period last year. In this area of change, the reduction is about 1%.

The current distribution is that part of the product sales were 21%. That was a decrease of about 2% in the same period last year. But the part of the Americas was a 3% increase. So the current percentage is 23%.

Otherwise, the percentage was reduced by 3% to 25% last year. The portion of the computer Inbox was reduced by 4%. The proportion was 11%. The computer with panel was increased by 1%. The proportion was 2%. The portion was increased by about 1% from last year.

That's the product in this part of AI Security. That's an increase of 1%. That's why it's 24%. That's why the product in this service is a 5% increase. That's 38%. That's the overall operation throughout the fourth quarter.

As a result of mergers and acquisitions into the industrial company, the entire automation of the product shows the growth of this YOY. The other part of the security product. Also because of this increase in customer orders in the United States. That is also growth. Next, let's talk about the situation of the entire merger of assets negative representation.

The portion of cash that corresponds to cash is 25. 1%. 25. 1%. 25. 1% is the portion of cash that corresponds to cash is 25. 1%. 25. 1% is the portion of cash that corresponds to cash is 25. 1%. 25. 1% is the portion of cash that corresponds to cash.

The stock is 20.80 million yuan. The equipment of real estate and plant is 22.900 million yuan. The total assets are 123.4 billion yuan. In the current liabilities of 420 million yuan. Non-current liabilities of 200,000 yuan. Total equity of 58.4 billion yuan.

That net worth per share is $30.67. That's the whole 2024. We're part of the whole 2024. It's about actively decomposition of a library. So stock keeps up with a quarter that's quite a number right now. It's also a little less than the previous quarter.

But this is the part that was added over the same period last year. Mainly because of this part in the fourth quarter. Mergers and acquisitions moved in. So compared to the part that was over the same period last year.

The number of days in the week of receivables. This part is 84 days. That is exactly the same as a quarter. That inventory week is 125 days. That part is 84 days. That is the same as a quarter.

The weekly short days for accounts payable are 69 days. The weekly short days for accounts payable are 140 days. The return on equity is 9.1%. The current ratio is 170%. The financial debt ratio is 27%.

Thank you. Next, we will pass the time to the General Manager, Claire. Please tell us about the company's operations and outlook. We are all advanced. I am Claire. We see the operation outlook.

In 2024, we have a strong focus on the connections of existing industries. There are many scenarios for related applications. These include self-service machines, smart medical devices, agricultural machinery automation and some mobile robots, etc. These are some areas that we have had a lot more success in the past.

This is what we have been taught, and this is what we have been taught, and what we have been taught, and what we have been taught, and what we have been taught, and what we have been taught, and what we have been taught, and what we have been taught.

There is a constant need to accelerate the penetration of more high value and mission critical applications. This includes automatic energy transportation and timely decision-making. Public safety and AI clinical systems and surgical assistance scenarios.

There are a number of points that come up with these scenarios, including the stability of the system, the feasibility of its operation, and some computing related to edge inference performance, which can reach a higher standard. In the past with more than 40 years of experience in the development of industrial Embedded systems, we combined a global group of resources and some of the timings of our applications, and in those 2025 we saw a few of these applications, which we will expand more comprehensively.

This is why in this process, not only the efficient technical resources, but also the provision of our solutions, so we will be more closely with local partners, research and development and verification with customers, find the most suitable application scenarios for this AI project, as well as AI solutions. Compared to this, we take a look at our application in this product line. Well, with the rapid evolution of the whole Shenzhen AI technology, we can see a lot of breakthroughs this year, so we have seen more in the use of AI in the cloud before 2024, and so far see many actual application scenarios.

This is what we see as a real impact on the effectiveness of this AGE AI. There are at least three breakthroughs in this regard: the first is the stability of the hardware platform, and the integration of this flexible configuration AI model and software, as well as the overall mastery of the entire mismatch conditions in the inference optimization field, which can be deployed together, in order to have the opportunity to grasp this step.

Computer online. First. we.ence. We are the main!. writing plan.

Ort performance. Language. Living words. Emphasis. That's why we are here today. Why 'Alth decisio'.

Please do not hesitate to subscribe to our newsletter and we will provide you with a full list of our products and services. We will provide you with a free sample of our products and services.

Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Front crocodiles.

The former, the former, the latter, the former, the latter, the former, the latter, the former.

Front. Front. Front. Front. Front. Front. Front. Front. Forward. Trust.

Choose. construct file fulfilled e p Please don't hesitate to like it. Subscribe to the Forward Support the splice and dot columns. splice and dot columns. splice and dot columns. splice and dot columns. splice and dot columns. splice and dot columns. splice and dot columns.

Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Dot column.

In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful.

Do not hesitate to ask for a copy of the book and send it back to us.