Thank you JC for joining JPMorgan's CEO and DFL meetings. I'm Debbie from JPMorgan. Can you give us a simple review? And the first quarter of 2034 lead. Of course, no problem. During our first quarter of leadership, we reached an average increase of 4.7% in revenue, which is better than what we offered.

Our 9400 product success rate is 4.7% per month, especially Flyship Smartphone, where our average growth was 48.5% during the quarter-quarter leadership period, which also exceeded our principle. So, during the quarter-quarter leadership period last year, our average growth during the quarter-quarter leadership period was 2% to 10% during the quarter-quarter leadership period, which exceeded our average average growth during the quarter-quarter leadership period. We also saw the health needs of China's Flyship Smartphone, and we also saw the growth in demand growth during the quarter-quarter leadership period because of their burden, so the results during the quarter-quarter leadership period were more obvious.

The second cost leadership project is the Smart Azure Platform, which is 35% of the financial tax project during the fourth quarter of the financial tax project, and the financial tax project is 7%, mainly due to the average of Smart Azure Platform's products. In the last quarter we saw the Smart Azure Platform's products, we saw the initial AI selection of Smart Azure Platform's products, especially the network vehicle, so we hope it will continue to be successful. We also successfully arrived at the financial tax project in the Wi-Fi 7 product, which is our latest product.

This is our second short-term project. The third short-term project is PowerIC, we carry out 6% short-term projects in Wi-Fi 4, we carry out 6% short-term projects in Wi-Fi 4, we carry out 6% short-term projects in Wi-Fi 4, and we carry out 6% short-term projects in Wi-Fi 4.

If technology moves the AI field that is far higher, such as carbon line, join, for the professional washed out farmers only, to block up, which is a capability that we are able to more strengthen the vision, contract. Other projects are still in bee, good, able to improve our project, and expand AXP. This is the effectiveness factor that occurred in 2015. For intelligent software, I think we start to see AI into more devices. Tablet will be the first. We believe that this year, almost all Android-branded customers will use AXP AI systems in their concessions, including 9000 and 8000 AI models.

We believe that by 2025, the vaccination rate of Wi-Fi 7 will begin to enter more devices, including computers, products, advanced computers, computer equipment, computer equipment, computer equipment, computer equipment, computer equipment, computer equipment, and so on. This will be our advantage trend.

We believe that in our projects in 2025, we have a copy solution on hand and a televising solution. We think that this is our automatic truck's growth year. At this stage, we do not provide any guidance. So, we think that those trends I just mentioned, those correct factors, I just mentioned, I think that this will help us grow revenue in 2025, and we will spend it to grow MediaTek's long-term growth.

Understanding, Understanding. I think you mentioned your AI products on your product line. Will you ever talk more about where your AI is? Of course, I think MediaTek is in a very good position in this huge AI trend. In EleEge and in the Cloud. At EleEge, we are the main supplier of AI products.

We have a strong position in our phones and computers. We are moving into an auto and we are developing a new car. So, we think that recently, Bipsic is offering new technologies. We think that these technologies, in our phones, can also bring better AI capabilities. So, we think that these technologies will bring AI extensions in our products, which is a good result.

We have also shared with CES that we have also published a protocol synced with NVIDIA, our GP10 leveler, and we have made the GP10 CPU, which can be used to transport 20 billion-sized large-scale language models. So, these are our capabilities, capable of producing professional AI design. We are very interested, very grateful, this opportunity, we will work with our customers in the future more time.

Our priority enterprises, also have a large priority enterprises, but also a large priority enterprises, we also pay attention to these opportunities, we also pay attention to these opportunities, we also pay attention to these opportunities, good, I think I have answered all of the questions, I think we can end, thank you JC, do not matter, thank you all.