We are pleased to invite the new Director of Finance of Chiang Chi-ching to share the company's recent and future growth momentum. The new global leader in biomolecules is optimistic that this year's Optoelectronics business is expected to show double-digit growth compared to last year's last year's. Thanks to the continued high demand for the data center, there will be a delivery to the Japanese customers in September.

Thank you for visiting the 2025 Investment Forum. I am Jiang Zhiqing, a new photovoltaic company. There are about ten slides today, some of which are related to the company's profile, such as core technology, compound semiconductor material characteristics, industry supply chain and financial figures.

We soon took the first part of the core technology. We saw our machine called M-O-CVD, which is called organic metal meteorological performance. At present, our company has a total number of machines to 61, and this one is M-O-CVD. The size of this machine is probably the same as that of a parking car.

This is just a coin, usually a single size is a single size. So this is called meteorological performance. Another technique is that everyone has heard of MBE, which is the opposite of it, and the board is placed above it. So these two are not the same technique. The advantage of M-O-CVD is that it has a better mass production level and the advantage of this cost.

It is the way to grow the semiconductor film on the board through the organic metal meteorological performance method. At the same time, it will monitor the precise control of the cumulative layer through the machine, it will complete the production of biochemical plus zero nitride plus these different products of the accelerator. The principle is that the gun body inside the M-O-CVD, it will heat the board and then make a stack of atoms.

We have a solar panel that does this for solar energy. This is a chemical reaction to the process of accumulating pipes. This is for everyone to make a reference. There are many of these things that are chemical elements. So let's just say that the accumulating time for microelectronics is about 2 to 4 hours.

After that, of course, some testing is needed. In principle, it is already finished. So microelectronics are probably tens of layers. The optical electronics are longer, about 6 to 9 hours. So it is probably hundreds of layers. This page is the material characteristics of the compound semiconductors we refer to.

This feature, I think, is probably the first to use the high electronic moving rate. Because compound semiconductor moving rate is 5.7 times that of this system, it is suitable for people to use in that wireless communication. It is also a high-bandwidth response. The so-called high-frequency response value means that it will not be disturbed. The third is that its bandwidth is wide enough.

The fourth high linearity value is that it does not distort. It does not distort the voice outside of you or when FaceTime sounds, you will find that the person is as clear as you are next to you. The 567 is a place that can be used for high power.

It also has an anti-radiation function. Well, this page we introduce is the industry supply chain for microelectronics. From the top of the first paragraph is the substrate. Our substrate suppliers are mainly German and Japanese manufacturers.

Zero-hardness is probably four inches in length. Then, our base is MOCVD, which is made in Germany. The amount of time it has accumulated will be shipped to our customers. Our customers are about three blocks apart. The first one is IDM factory like America Quovo and SkyWars, which is the technology of the IDM factory.

In addition, there is the strength of a company like Fabulous, such as this one. These brands will be handed over to the owner. It may be handed over to Taiwan's Taimao and Wangjie to help them make this part of the OEM. Therefore, the position of the new photonics in the biochemical industry, we count as a pure AP, we are a foundry company. Well, this 2021 to 2024 is a water benefit for everyone to make a reference.

That's because last year's revenue was high. The gross profit margin was 3.63. The board of directors is also currently deciding to allocate this cash to $3.2, which has an announcement. This is a reference for everyone.

The last two pages describe what we are talking about. This is the outlook for microelectronics 2025. Here we will talk about two more important reasons for growth. The first is Wi-Fi 7. Wi-Fi 7.

Because last year's iPhone 16 was fully equipped with Wi-Fi 7. Like this year's S25 flagship model, the demand for this technology is increasing rapidly. The Wi-Fi 7 continues to increase not only the stability of this network speed, but also the application of this data center AR VR also plays a key role in this smart home or game and video streaming enterprise and industrial environment.

So it can strengthen the development of IoT and smart visits. So in the future, this Wi-Fi 7 will have the opportunity to replace this wired network and further expand the scene of wireless applications with this 6G technology integration.

The second growth is because we look at this part of Wi-Fi 7. The second growth is because we look at the part of Wi-Fi 7. The second growth is because we look at the part of Wi-Fi 7. The second growth is because we look at the part of Wi-Fi 7. We look at the market recovery of AI smartphones.

The global smartphone market is a gradual warming up. By 2024, our shipments should be 12,4 billion shipments worldwide. An annual increase of about 6%.

The rise of AI mobile phones is on the rise with the popularity of this patient's budget. Along with the rise of this 5G penetration rate. The entire market is showing a steady growth. So it is estimated that 2025 should be an opportunity to reach 12.7 billion units. This is an estimated portion. Growth is about 1% to 3%.

Therefore, we will benefit from the company's microelectronics products. The AI mobile phone switching trend. And the technology outlook of Wi-Fi 7. So we expect that 2025 microelectronics will have a digit growth. Start. This is part of the microelectronics.

The last page we introduce is optoelectronics. Outlook for 2025. Here's the outlook we have divided into four main growth drivers. The first is the data center. And the biggest growth driver. As AI data centers grow in this demand for high-performance computing and big data processing.

Optical communication technology is a key element in this project. This is the driving force. That is especially true. Fiber-optic communication replaces the traditional line. Increases the rate of this data transmission and reduces power consumption. The silicon optical paper technology further enhances the performance of this operation and the cost effectiveness.

So. The light communications industry is expected to continue to grow in the next 5 to 10 years. That. The data center light communications industry. This year will occupy. This company light electronics.

The data center below 5 trillion people. So the growth of this data center. In the past 5 years, will be more than 5 percent. And will continue to expand. So the first thing we talk about is this.

The part of the data center. The second part of our growth motivation is AI glasses. Because AI glasses are developing rapidly now. It is especially fitting like a sensor component such as an optical radar. Some people say it is LiDAR or DETOPE. Another important thing is that its display technology may be using a micro LED display technology.

The market for AI glasses is expected to peak in five years. So some smartphones may even be replaced. So this is the second part of the growing dynamic part of AI glasses. The third and fourth are relatively new.

The third one we refer to is this. Industrial heating system. Because it belongs to VCELL this material. This slide does not exist. The VCELL technology starts to be applied to industrial heating system. For example, it will do something like a precision welding laser burn.

Display or manufacturing of semiconductors. It is expected that by 2025, small productions will begin. And gradually expand to the precision manufacturing market. So the third. We refer to this industrial heating system. This is the third growth factor.

That's what we're talking about in the fourth quarter. The robot's technical vision. This is going to be a lot of robotics lately. It may be smart manufacturing for unmanned vehicles for medical use. There are also some storage logistics areas that play an important role.

Driven image recognition also improves the technology of this edge computing. It identifies accuracy and real-time computing power. That's the market estimate.

Market research is expected to be more than $10 billion in the robot vision market by 2025. Annual growth is 20%. That's why this is our fourth growth motivator. About the robot vision part. Well, finally, let's talk about the robot vision part.

2024. Global smartphone shipments are 12.4 billion. Growth is 6.4% compared to 2023. We welcome this mobile phone shipment growth for the sixth quarter in a row. This zero-receipt of the company is mainly due to its stock.

The demand is back to normal. And benefit from the AI business opportunity. It makes the data center light communication all the way up. That looks to 2025. That's the one for many.

In 2025, there will be a 1% to 3% growth in mobile shipments. That's why the company's operations will benefit from microelectronics.

The other 5G phone penetration rate will continue to grow. Wi-Fi7 introduced this commercial router and mobile phone. So, part of the microelectronics we are a digitized growth. The part of that photoelectronics benefited from just the four words. The first one was the Data Center.

The second is AI glasses, and the third.

So Q1 this year will be slightly higher than last year's Q4, there will be a slight increase. Of course, there will be another point where you can increase, you can also refer to the example of S25 or iPhone16E, its hot selling situation, this is also a key. So Q1 this year will be better than last year's Q4, probably this is the case.