The following is a re-arranged paragraph-by-phrase transcript: Please don't hesitate to subscribe to our newsletter to receive feedback on what you can do about it. When we introduce a strong cat, we will only talk about four companies: Penstar, Meta Wells, Champion, and Outop. Our revenue for 24 years is around $125 billion. The main product revenue contribution has now been converted from previous Discrete to Mosfet. The main application is for cars.

The main product is Power Management IC. The main product is Gaming Power Supply. MeldX InMall in the top left corner is NT$9 billion. The main product is Touch Panel Display. It is used in Automotive IPC Military.

In the lower left corner is the Outop price. In 2024, the revenue was NT$3.2 billion. The main product is the Connector. The F-Cable USB Type-C. The main applications are Automotive, Medical Communication, and Consumer. The Penstar in the lower right corner is a Design House that we have set up in recent years.

MDX is related to PC. Meta Wells is below. The main products will be developed in the future, such as MCU, Power Management IC, and Signal Chain IC. The main applications are Computing Monitor, Motor Fan, and Industrial PC.

This is our combined product and Income Statement for the fourth quarter of 2024. We can see that revenue was 3011.5 million NDD in the fourth quarter. QoQ was reduced by 9.7 percentage points, YY was reduced by 0.6 percentage points. Growth Margin was 31.1 percentage points in the fourth quarter, QoQ increased by 1.9 percentage points and YY increased by 5.7 percentage points. On Operating Margin, the fourth quarter was 6.2 percentage points. QoQ was reduced by 0.8 percentage points, YY was an increase by 1.2 percentage points.

On Net Profit Margin, our fourth quarter was 7.5 percentage points. QoQ was a reduction of 1.2 and YY was an increase of 1.4 percentage points. In the fourth quarter of 2024, our EPS was a drop of 0.54 percentage points. This is the way to present a chart of just mentioned four items. We can see that the revenue on YY is actually very different. But we can also see that in the case of Growth Margin and Operating Profit Margin and Net Profit Margin, it is very healthy.

YY is also a status that continues to rise. This page is Balance Sheet. Mainly based on the quarterly reports we have released publicly. This is something we have chosen for us to select more important items. To share with you. In the fourth quarter, we can see that our Inventories have fallen to 2.7 billion by the Dollar side.

YoY verse 2023 fourth quarter was 3 billion. It actually dropped by about 9 percentage points. We can see these key indicators below. In AR turnover days is 122 days. Inventory turnover days is 117 days.

Cash from operation activity is $84.6 billion. This is just an indicator. Of course, most of us should say that we are all moving in a very positive direction, whether it is my stock share or my AR and Inventory turnover days or my AR and Inventory turnover days.

YY is less than 1. 3 percentage points. But we can see no matter what the situation is, we can see that no matter what the situation is, whether it is Gross Profit Dollar Sign or on Gross Margin, we are showing a positive growth part. By 2024, my Gross Margin reached 28.7 percentage points. YY increased by 3. 4 percentage points.

This page has some information about some of the layouts of our Pengi in the world. Some of the older things I will no longer re-explain. The relatively new thing is that we can see that we are here in Japan or in Singapore or in India. We have added these four sales locations in the past two years.

At Flare Bin, we also added a backend production line. On the right, we can see Bredown by Regional, which revenues in 2024. China accounts for 58 percentage points. Taiwan 14%. DMEA10%. Korea9%.

SEA6%. US2%. Japan1%. This page is for the entire Product Mix of our products, either on the product or on a Bredown on the Market Segment. We can see that 2024 MOSFETs accounted for 30 percent of my total revenue. Sharky29.

Then Rectifier14. TVS7. Ciner6%. Switching6%.

ESD4 BJT3 SSE is a percentage point. We can see that MOSFETs have officially become our main source of revenue in 2024. That's another word for applications. We have six applications. That's what cars on top of me are used in my country. That's what cars on top of me are used in my country.

Automobiles account for 30 percentage points throughout the year. That was also the application that began in 2024 that became the main source of our revenue contribution. That is also Consumer21. Industrial and Green Energy is also 18 percentage points. Computing15 Power Supply13 Communication3 On the right is the application that I have just mentioned.

Let everyone know what I've included in my six applications. That's what I wanted to tell you. 2023 and 2024. We're contributing to the mix of revenue on Burda. We can see that 24 years is just 30 percent of MOSFETs.

I was in 2023. My MOSFET was 27. At that time, it was still the second largest source of revenue contribution.

Another page is the Market Segment section. The car we just mentioned last year. It should be in 2023. It was only 23 percent of revenue contribution. That is.

uh. 24 years. Our revenue contribution is increased to 30 percentage points. Another big change would be Industrial and Green Energy. It was 18 percentage points at 2024, and then 24 percentage points at 2023.

This is our latest Product Road Map. For all of my Descriptives. Some of the plans we can see are: MOS.

Or, if you are looking for a sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi.

The year-over-year revenues from 2017 to 2024 continued to rise. The 2024 vs 2023 Dollar Sign was an increase of 36 percentage points by YY. The situation is very good. We can see that it is said.

So far, we have more than 2000 different parts. Then we sell them to our customers. That's total. A total of 4.7 Billion pieces of cars used in the Component. That's what we're doing today.

If we do not give thanks to God, we will give thanks to Him.