We would like to thank you for your continued interest in Nisshin Life Science and Technology. Today, we would like to inform you of our first quarter of operation. This is our vision of Nisshin Life Science and Technology Group. Our main vision is to become a sustainable life group. Our mission is to diversify our operations and brand benchmarks.

That explains our major progress from last year's fourth quarter to the first quarter of this year. In March of this year, we were concluding a constitutional debate on our top-tier investment plan. We also expanded the circular economy layout. Including our top-tier investment cash increase of 9900. The price per share is $96.24.

The amount of funds issued per share is $9.52 billion. The total amount of funds subscribed by the Nissei Group. If the amount of capital is $10 per share after the capital increase, it is $9.75 billion. We will also expand some of our layout in that part of the circular economy.

In addition, we made a cash increase in January this year. We plan to issue 80,000 common shares. The issue price per share is NT$10.300 million. The number of outstanding shares after the increase is 10.35 billion shares. So you can see our first quarter earnings. Our capital is already in that circulation share of 10.300 million shares.

This section. We are also part of the construction business. In March of this year, the attention of our Qing mansions has been lifted successfully. We are now expected to be officially completed in the fourth quarter of 2026.

At the end of the fourth quarter of 2024, there were two significant developments in our city. The first was the Palace's administrative building and the library were infiltrated. The second was the façade of our small gold settlement. We expect to be completed in 2029. We are part of the revitalization of our land assets. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we have announced that our Lijiang land development needs to be addressed.

The land of Taoyuan is owned by New Life Insurance Co., Ltd. We are very grateful to them for their trust and cooperation. Our land area is about 2,45 million square feet. The total transaction amount is approximately NT$5.367 million. So at that time we estimated an estimated prepayment benefit of approximately $3.5 billion. This part has been recognized in our first quarter.

In March of this year, the Board of Directors has adopted our incentive policy. Based on the principle of document finance and shareholder feedback, we plan to allocate NT$600 million to fund the capital supply. This part is calculated based on the number of outstanding shares at the end of 2024. The number of outstanding shares at that time is 9.5509 million shares.

So the amount of money allocated per share may be slightly adjusted. That is, according to the number of ex-dividend base days in the current number of ex-dividend base days and the actual distribution. We are part of sustainable development. Our subsidiary Wandatong, which is mainly the part of the Taipei Transit Station. Our subsidiary Wandatong, Wandatong has an APP for the Taipei Transit Station.

This includes activities that support the Naama summer of 2025. In addition, we are more interested in the layout of our water resources. It is the Sun Top Water Service and Baoding Recycled Water. Sun Top Water Service is the management of Taoyuan's BOT water recycling. Baoding Recycled Water is the BTO program that manages recycled water.

In the fourth quarter of last year, we began supplying 180,000 CMDs with stable water supply on a daily basis. This is Cubometer for South Asia plastics and China oil refineries. We are part of the partnership between the brand and the company. Our construction business has won a number of national pipelines.

We are also very grateful. In addition, our subsidiary, Nikko, is the only successful BOT house in Taiwan. It is a demonstration of the BOT house of the Chinese and Russian embroidery company. It was also visited by the Mayor of New Taipei City and the Mayor of Yunlin County.

We are mainly divided into three businesses. The first one is the resource circulation business on the left hand side. 100% owned by Suntop, we are under the whole control. Including the top rate and Suntop water service. Suntop water service is just following the report mainly in the center of Singapore and operating the Taoyuan sewage treatment BOT case.

In addition, due to the good performance of our public sewage treatment in Taoyuan, we have also continued to obtain the regenerative water. This is the BTO case of regenerative water. 70% of the regenerative water we hold is the BTO case of the management and construction of regenerative water in Taoyuan.

The left hand side of the Nikkei and Nikkei and Nikkei are all leases. Including the Nikkei is a rental of a young residential property in New Taipei City. The Nikkei and Nikkei mainly do some rental business in the hotel.

This is all about the management of total control. It is also 100% owned by Taicheng Development. Now it is said that it supports the entire construction business plan of the Group, and it has two main indicators. It is just following the reports of the new compatriot works of the Palace's administration building, the rental project and the quiet residential building.

Kagaya is 100% owned. We also thank you for your support. This part is also a part of the project. The main part of the project is the Golden Station Industrial is at Golden Plaza Golden Station. This part we hold through the group is about 74%73. 4%.

Our main purpose is to manage the operation and leasing of the Taipei Transit Station. This part of our group holds a total of about 98.5%. Our group focuses on cases to follow and explain. In the three cases, this is our first indicator of nutrition park. The first one on the east side is the base area of more than 4600 square feet.

The west side is probably more than 1200 square feet. This part. We're on the east side of the first part, and we're planning to finish the time we've made some adjustments. Mainly because of this indicator answer, it's important for us. Then we're also very careful. So, in this part, though its cuts are all done.

Our current plan is the first part of the East Side, and we want to complete and start at the same time in the third quarter. The West Side is our second part, and our expected completion time will be in the fourth quarter.

This is the part of the battle, the part of our base is more than 8300 square feet, and the part we continue to do some integrated communication. The goal is to make a complex dog-age community. We have three cases, Wenxing Chongde Station, Wenxing Sakura Station and Nantun Station.

The first half of this year, we have done some pre-work in the eight-pack of the main project. The part of the cherry blossom station we expect to start in the second half of 2026, and Nantun station is the first half of 2026. The completion time is expected to be in the second half of 2028, the cherry blossom station is expected to be in the first half of 2030, and the completion time of Nantun station is expected to be in the second half of 2029.

It is also a case of a building tomb in Qiao-an, which is a well-reconstructed area. It is based on a fence reconstruction, the base area is 1038 square meters, then the completion time of this plan will fall in the fourth quarter of 2026. The new show is close to our Jiahe House, the current plan new way of urban renewal, that is, residential or because we are very good at our Kangyang business, so residential or our Kangyang-related residential or hot spring-related high-end residential, this is a possible planning direction. The base area is about 1300 square feet, so it is still in planning.

We are a small group of young people, and we are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people. We are a small group of young people.

In addition to the ultra-wide screen technology positioning, that is, the safety of the home is not only an ID on the body, the home security is built in the room, such as the lattice, etc., that place is a part of our room, if there is anything needed, the elders can immediately tell us by the bell, and there are some social workers' health consultation. This part of our ageing house in Sanzhi, in fact, is also the innovative gathering of the Sanzhi in New Taipei City, the two places on the left are our first to go to the Sanzhi Pavilion, where we are in the second place, and in the middle of the lattice, we are in good health, we are in the middle of the Old Manor.

This section of this section you can see that because all of us, whether it is hot facilities or some residential, this section of this section is a very large part, then we are very careful in dealing with this part, then we want to say, so the elderly friends after staying, can be a worry-free life, so this part of this part of the care, we have all, whether it is resolved or everything has been handled. At present, we have to start to enter the completion and get the start, that just with you, and we want to report that at the end of the year.

As a dual-tube operation, which includes the three tubes of Lo Tao Residence, just building B, this building is the operation center, then we will be in nursing care, nutritionist and social workers professional colleagues. In addition, we have introduced advanced technology, which is also from Lo Tao Residence experience, such as the ultra-wide screen positioning system, our park is so large, it is necessary to be able to locate the elderly immediately, which includes the combination of Kangya's APP and identity chip.

In addition, the barrier-free space must be that we have to strengthen the light, the characteristics of our architecture, the heat insulation festival, this is the design of this building. The other is in the middle of the building, there will be no high-rise happy farm, which allows the elders to feed flowers and grass, there is no need to bend, and that part is believed to make the elderly life more enjoyable. The part of the system is in the system, we use cloud intelligent care system and physical and mental health monitoring to import, then our main vision is to create a high-end nutritional life of the elderly community in Taiwan.

We have three cases in Taichung, and the northern investment is Wen-Hsien, and he is in a very mature development area, so you can see that there is a small area next to us, and then say that in Wen-Hsien and Wen-Hsien, these are a very developed community, so his population and business are very dense. The part of Nantun Station is because of the proximity to many parks, so this part of the plan is to use the lungs of Nantun for a plan, then his area is about 770 square feet, the actual censorship rate is 70%, and the actual capacity is about 790%, his traffic location is in the intersection of Wenxing and Wuquan, which we are now entering the censorship of urban design.

All three of these cases will use the TOD to do a plan for urban development, including that we are all from the three cases from the establishment of the MRT station, we are the online is the foundation will be more strengthened, and then go up to do a joint smart green building, which is used and imported in a low-carbon low-carbon low-carb building. The goal is, of course, in the future will strengthen the regional economic development of that area, which is the main goal of the TOD.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the user's verbatim text, converting it from a verbatim format to a verbatim. First, I need to read the user's request carefully to ensure that the task is fully understood. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten or condensed, so the integrity of the original word must be maintained. Next, I will read the entire verbatim text and pay attention to the corresponding sentences for each timestamp. In the example of the user, some sentences may be duplicated or timestamped, I need to confirm whether they need to be merged or separated.

It is important to note that some sentences may belong to the same topic, such as the timing of the development plan, or the description of the different items, which should be classified as the same paragraph. At the same time, make sure that the sequence of sentences within each paragraph is consistent with the original, and do not alter the original time or logical order. In the process, you may encounter some duplicate sentences, such as "what is expected to be developed" two times, need to confirm whether they belong to the same paragraph or different parts.

In addition, some sentences may have timestamp intervals, but the content is continuous and needs to be merged into the same paragraph. It is also important to pay attention to the correct handling of technical terms and terminology, such as "MBR's Membrane Biosystem", "BioNet's Membrane Processing System", etc., to ensure that these terms remain as they were during the conversion, without error or omission.

The equipped system is, of course, the 5G intelligent operating system, green building, low cloudy building, the ground is 27 levels, the underground five layers of steel structure. The expected development time, we are planning, the fourth quarter of 2025 are all aligned with the plan, the second quarter of 2026 is the construction license joint development, the fourth quarter of 2026, the completion of the union in the second quarter of 2026, the completion of the plan is the fourth quarter of 2030. We have planned 620 households, of which 55% is a barrier-free room type, which is of course the whole spirit of the friendly facilities to do, we also have to do a plan, including kindergarten sunshine center, with the comfort and strengthening of a community, we will plan to get green buildings and smart buildings, as well as earthquake-resistant design and earthquake-resistant mark, basically smart buildings and green buildings. This part of the BOTI in Taoyuan, we also thank you for giving us the affirmation that we are listed as a concept of water resources, then this case is the largest public sewage treatment system in Taiwan, that is about 7600 hectares in Taoyuan, that the goal is to deal with 200,000 cubometers in every day, the main management of our branch with a total of 256 km, the user, the final goal is to get 25. In addition, in line with the plan of recycled water bto, it is expected that this year is the mid-term of 2025, Niding Water will provide 60,000 cmd per day to the public sewers in the north of Taoyuan, and then in the mid-term of 2025, we will provide 30,000 cmd to high-quality recycled water to the roof.

This is the first time that we have been working on this project since the beginning of the first quarter of 2022, we have started supplying 8000 cmd per day to the South Asia Jingxing factory in the third quarter of last year, which is 2bm per day. In the fourth quarter of this year, we can provide 18000 cmd per day for the two companies, which is probably in the middle of the second quarter and the third quarter, we can extend to the Guanyin Industrial Zone, so the South Asia Jingxing factory and the Taoyuan refinery can provide 40,000 cmd recycled water per day, so at this time our pipeline in the first quarter has already been built about 94%, so the future planning will be much bigger.

The following is a paragraph transcript after the reordering: So uh this water in the upper right corner is what we are currently dealing with except the regenerated water. If not enough, it is provided to the enterprise. It is very beautiful. The part of the uh he is also an important sub- Formula for us. It is mainly in the management of the operation of the Taipei Transit Station.

There is also a part of the asset management like rent and management. It includes the U.S. dollar. It is the same as the U.S. dollar. It includes the U.S. dollar. It includes the U.S. dollar. It also includes the U.S. dollar. It is the same as the U.S. dollar.

There is another part of the asset management, such as the rental and management part. Xiaoxiu Cinema Club. The other is Jin Station Industrial Gold Station department store. There is also the body factory part. These parts are rental. The transfer station part is omnichannel.

He runs and manages his own business. Nissen is the investment manager through Metatrader and Gold Station. To do the task of investment income. Metatrader part. We talk about virtual integration. This is because he manages the Taipei Transit Station.

He has a physical station. Of course, with a green transport transfer station. Plus because he has managed it for years, he has some transfer stations known how. This part also has a number of partners.

We want to cooperate with all means, with one ability, this part is how we know the turnkey.

This is part of what we are actively developing. It is like the APP of the transit station. The number of members he has now is about 410,000. The ticket sales are probably over 21 million.

We work with 18 companies. We also have cross-border cooperation. There are also sea and boat. Shipping is possible. Do some purchases through our app.

There is a place for us to go, and there is a place for us to go, and there is a place for us to go, and there is a place for us to go, and there is a place for us to go, and there is a place for us to walk, and there is a place for us to walk, and there is a place for us to walk, and there is a place for us to walk, and there is a place for us to walk, and there is a place for us to walk, and there is a place for us to walk, and there is a place for us to walk.

We are now decarbonizing 4277 kg. This part is also where we are very proud. That is what we are doing. I follow you all in advance. Our success group is in the first quarter. With the main results.

Thank you very much for your interest in this forum. It's a great time to share your feedback. Please ask the speaker first.

That first question has a legal friend. Ask yourself if you want to know about the total sales and gross profit margin. Thank you. I have to explain this section first. That's why we've got some concern every time. That's some financial or financial numbers.

These are some forecast numbers for the future. It may not be as easy to explain in detail. I can say that in our three parts. Because it has already been completed, so we have three cases in the east.

About the first and second stage. The total sales is about 5 billion. That includes the first stage is about 30 billion. The second stage is about 10 billion. The other part is like the Taichung MRT.

That part is really just beginning to work. That part may not be able to do a detailed estimate. That bridge bay notion part of the matter.

They are only a few of them, but they are a part of the Lord's service, so that the part of us is actually a part of our service, and the profit is not too much to contribute to the profit of the harvest, and we are the first to estimate the portion.

We estimate about 18%. Age 85 is helpful for us. So that's probably what I said. Thank you very much for the explanation of the spokesperson.

I would like to know more about the growth outlook for 2025 and 2026. Thank you. 2025 is the word. Basically, we have already recognized it in the first phase. The inflation rate is not lime yet.

Look at this month or month, the young people estimate alles, the one that is too bad, what's the cause of stalo's urgent regeneration of water this year.

This is when the middle starts to finish. There are some more BTO recycled water benefits. Poding Regeneration Water is another part of the Sun Top Water business. Because it is now starting to build in the third phase. Basically, the revenue from the Sun Top Water business is very stable. Then the Golden Station is our little golden chicken.

It's just part of Kin Station that it's an independent new company after all. Maybe this part I can't explain for them. Then the part of 2026 is mainly that our Joen case will be completed in the fourth quarter of 2026.

We also believe that the 2026 year will begin to recognize it. Joen's note may have to be completed by the end of the year. You will see when it is finished and make a statement.

The next problem is that investment friends want to know about the impact of tariffs. Thank you. Tariff is because there are some advanced investments. In fact, we were concerned about the impact of tariffs above. That is basically because we are doing a business in China. Of course, the direct impact is not.

It's basically not that much. At that time, of course, we were worried about the impact of the overall economy. That said, it might not have a direct impact. But if the entire economy is due to tariffs, then the White House industry is affected.

It may be that some property or their expenses may be slightly shortened. But yesterday, just because they were talking about a major breakthrough in tariffs in the United States, I believe in this part of Taiwan. I think a lot of countries around the world should be relaxed.

We have been told that God is good, and that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, that He is good, and that He is good.

Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.

That's right, it's the day-to-day control of the day-to-day water. It's basically part of our water concept. Basically, we can't say what it's all about. It's because we're all infrastructure. We're laughing at ourselves saying we're building our consciences.

We have to invest a lot of money. After that, we will work with the government to do the recognition and revenue part. So this is the case for the current day's top water service and the top regenerative water is the government's case. So let's look at public construction.

We have a stable construction income. That is, the growing water supply is the water recovery benefits like this. Is this going to have a big impact on the regenerative water? Is that the water recovery that regenerative water is a big impact?

. It is also divided into the revenue of construction and the revenue of water. That is because the BTO is the Build and Transfer. So it is first it was built and then transferred to the government unit.

This part is due to the fact that it will be completed by the end of the year in the construction business. Therefore, it will also recognize this part. Then, it will be used to recognize the benefits of a water service. This kind of future period, of course, is part of the semi-renewable water in the northern part of Taoyuan. The future period is still long. But we have to work with our competent authority to make a holistic plan.

That's what they say. Thanks for sharing. That's all the questions we've gathered during the registration process. Now it's open online. If you have any questions, please let us know.

You can ask directly to your microphone. Or use the chat below to leave a message. Thank you. Well, we'd like to talk about it today.

I want to go out to be an adult. Well. Well. Well. Well. If you are investing in advanced, there is no problem.

The online legal person's description will tell you a paragraph about this. Thank you very much for your continued investment. Thank you again. Thank you very much for your support.

I wish you all good health. Investment is smooth. Thank you very much for the invitation to discuss securities.

If you have any questions, you can email me. Or call me. My email and phone are public information. That's why you're welcome to invest and discuss with me.

Thank you very much for your participation today, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.