"And he said to them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man's heart is deceitful above all things, and his mind is deceitful above all things, and his mouth is deceitful above all things, and his mouth is deceitful above all things, and his mouth is deceitful above all things, and his mouth is deceitful above all things, and his mouth is deceitful above all things, and his mouth is deceitful above all things."

"And he said to them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man's heart is deceitful above all things, and his mind is deceitful above all things, and his mouth is deceitful above all things, and his mouth is deceitful above all things, and his mouth is deceitful above all things, and his mouth is deceitful above all things, and his mouth is deceitful above all things, and his mouth is deceitful above all things."

Please subscribe to our newsletter to subscribe to our newsletter to subscribe to our newsletter to subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates about upcoming events, events and promotions.

In addition to the credit-related handling fees, our handling fees for wealth management or remittances are slightly increased compared to the same period last year. Finally, the capital city adequacy ratio and the quality of the assets. The first half of the chart is our assets, the capital city adequacy ratio and the TL1 capital ratio.

Well, this is a simple report of our results for the first quarter of this year. We are grateful to the staff for helping us update the company. It is now time to ask questions. Welcome to open the microphone or text to ask questions and exchange. Well, when we are thinking about the problem, we do not know if there are any loans in the industry, or the company's progress, can you share with us?

Hello everyone, and there are some online friends. I am King City Bank Liu Qiwei, and I summarize the entire operation of our first quarter, basically I can describe it with documents. Of course, due to some major environmental uncertainties, so in some businesses, it is true that numbers are some recession, but we will continue to work very hard to keep our whole business up and running.

As mentioned in the briefing, we have always been very concerned about the quality of assets and the requirements, so I think it is not so much. So I often ask: is there a large amount of cases in the first quarter? What is the progress of the current case? Is there any other potential cases in the first quarter? There is basically not much, is there basically no large amount of deposits in the first quarter.

However, this is the way to suggest, we expect to have some of the expected egg pack recycling in the first half of the year, including new recipes like the opening of the table. We expect to recycle 1.3 billion in June as soon as possible.

Basically, we want to maintain a stable and balanced state as the top-up. That's the part of NIN, of course, we're still working very hard to improve it. Thank you. Yes, so we've been, you've been, and we've been, and we've been, and you've all heard a question? Well, for the last question, we've been, because our coverage is so much higher than our peers, so we're now also hoping that we'll get this number back to an average level relative to our peers, right?

Is there any other discussion? yes, good. good. good. good. good. good. good. good. good.

Thank you. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good.

OK. OK. OK. What is the reason for asking for the increase in NIM in the first quarter? The main reason is that some Q1 lending cases, we got a better spread.

It doesn't seem to be as advanced as it is at the moment. Is there anything new to add to this by the Vice President? Finally, it adds, because the main concern we have now is that we are dealing with SinoPac's mergers and acquisitions. The progress of the current progress is quite smooth. If the competent authority is able to align smoothly, I believe that our entire schedule will be in our original estimates. Thank you.

Thank you very much for your continued support. If you need further communication, you can contact us through the company's window. That's the first time we wish you good health and everything goes well. After the success, please continue to give us affirmation and continue to support us.

Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.