The first quarter of 2025 of the Falun Gong demonstration was officially started. Next, the general manager's speech was invited, thank you. The shareholders, the media reporters, and Mr. Huanan were very pleased to meet you today to report the overall operating performance of the first quarter of the Kaohsiung bank. Before the practice meeting, I probably made a report with all the shareholders: the Bank's operation in the first quarter of this year was $35 billion million, an increase of approximately $84 million compared to the same period last year, the growth was 30%.

In addition, our net profit after tax is 260 million, which is probably an increase of 950 million compared to the same period last year, which is a growth of up to 55%, so this performance can be said to be very impressive. In addition, the average balance of our amount of deposits related to the deposit is probably also increased by 307 billion compared to the same period last year, and our loans have also increased by 344 billion, so this is the first quarter of the year after the increase in cash to 500 billion, the total operating capacity, there is a significant increase in the performance of our operations.

First of all, let's look at the first quarter of this operating performance. First of all, we see the first part of the net profit before tax, we reached 35.6 million, with the same period last year, the same period of 27.2 million, has increased by 84 million, this growth of 10.88%, reached 30%.

In addition, our earnings per share is $0.15, which is about $0.03 compared to the same period last year. This growth is also up to 25%. ROA ROE has also increased by 25% compared to the same period last year. ROA ROE has also increased by $0.03 compared to the same period last year.

In addition, ROA ROE also increased by $0.12 from the same period last year. In addition, ROA ROE also increased by $0.03 from the same period last year. In addition, ROA ROE also increased by $0.13 from the same period last year.

In addition, ROA ROE has also increased by $0.12 compared to the same period last year. It is probably also growing. Let's take a look at a growth in our asset liability. We can see that this curve chart above is a blue curve chart, which is our net asset. We can see that in the first quarter of this year, our total asset is 358 billion, which is a net increase of 343 billion compared to the same period last year, the main increase is a net increase in our loans.

Second, we see that the red curve is the part of our liability. The portion of the liability this year is 33.2 billion EQ, which has increased by 331 compared to the same period last year. That part is mainly an increase in one of our deposits. So if we see these two curves compared to last December, that is, compared to this point in time, whether it is assets, or assets, or debt, there is a significant increase.

Well, let's look at the next page, which is a growth in our rights. That first we see the blue this, should be purple, purple this curve chart. We see that our interest in this year's EQ is 6000,256 trillion, compared with the same period last year of 243 billion, probably an increase of 1.3 billion.

In addition, we have an evaluation interest in OCI, at this point in time, our OCI's book evaluation interest is 5.1.4 billion, which is positive, but the OCI's evaluation profit is negative at the same time last year, so this time the gap is about 850 million. Secondly, in this middle of the year we have allocated this cash incentive, so there is a flow of 5.51 million of cash. So it is probably these factors that make us look at the whole time, our interests are 13.83, compared to the same time last year we have added 13.48 million.

This part of our equity removes the number of our shares, which is also here the equity removes the number of our shares, we can come to the US stock market's net value is to see how much more than 13 pieces. That said, although our share capital has increased, the extent of the increase in our equity is faster than the increase in the share capital, so this makes our US stock market's net value nearly increased by $0.36. If we see this first quarter of this year compared to last year's 4Q, we can see that every number is probably growing.

In addition, at this point in time, the OCI's evaluation benefit was 5.14 billion, but at the end of last year this evaluation benefit was 157 billion, so this evaluation benefit was also nearly increased, so this led us to say that this part is about to grow more than this one. This is a part of the benefit. We also saw a structure of our assets, and then we showed that it is a pie chart. So first we saw that the bank's main asset is mainly or the two parts of the money and the investment, and the two parts in the Bank's view, which accounted for about 89% of our total assets.

This is mainly one of our asset structures, and the rest please refer to the shareholders. Next, we see a structure of our liabilities and interests, and we see it in a bar chart.

The following is a re-arranged paragraph verbiage:. Let's show. That's why we first see the red bar chart, which is the part of our debt sheet. You can also see that our main debt account for 90%.

There is another part of us, which is mainly our liability. The second is either one of our peers' deposits or some of our financial liabilities. This part is part of our bank-issued, which is part of a perpetual debt that has no expiration date.

In addition, the right-hand side is the part of our equity. The main part of our equity is our share capital. The part of our equity is about 71% of our share capital. This includes a special share of 4 billion.

Second, we reserve the surplus. The surplus contains 55 billion. The main part of the surplus is our statutory credit.

The second is a special surplus amount that we had before. That is, two years ago, there was no way to allocate the portion of the special surplus amount due to the loss of parity. That is because last year we raised about 4.79 billion out of it when we distributed encouragement, so there is probably another 2.77 billion out of it.

There is also a profit after the first quarter of this year. There is also a profit after the first quarter of this year. There is also a profit after the first quarter of this year.

There is also a profit after the first quarter of this year. There is also a profit after the first quarter of this year. There is also a profit after the first quarter of this year. Next, we look at the next page. Well, this is an important part of seeing our net income. In fact, our net income is mainly a source of the three main blocks.

The main interest net income. Second, the other two parts of the net fee income and financial operations. In fact, the net income of the bank includes a possible long-term equity investment. But because the long-term equity investment in this part of the dividend will fall from the second quarter to the third quarter in the first quarter, so we will not put this long-term equity investment in the first quarter of this time to list it because it is really 0.

In addition, the net interest income part of the first quarter of this year was to 800,330 million to 640 million compared with the same period last year, about 1 trillion. The other part of the net fee income this year was EQ is 2.4 billion compared with the previous year about 700 million. The only thing is that this part of our financial operation is because it is about 15 million less than the same period last year.

First of all, let the shareholders see our green plot, which is the condition of our first EQ net income throughout the year. His total amount is 1.1 billion 6%3 million compared to the same period last year, which is a net increase of 1,500 million. That is what constitutes what we see on the right hand side of this plot that we can see on the right hand side of this plot can have three very clear blocks. The first part of this blue is that most commercial banks have the most significant income, the part of which is the net profit.

The second is that this red part is probably our share of 21%. The second is that the financial operation is 7%. This is actually a clear gap compared to the same period last year. This part was 24% last year. This first quarter of this year was about 3% less than last year.

In addition, this part of the financial operation was also reached 10% last year. At present, this year, only 7%. Well, let's first look at the net interest income. The net interest income in the first quarter of this year was to 803,300 million to 640 million and the same period last year, probably a net increase of 130,300 million.

Another source of the difference is because the relationship between negative and better is that last year's negative spread is relatively serious. This first quarter of this year's negative spread was about 63 million more than last year's. So the net increase in the margin of the negative spread was about 63 million, so this is probably more than that of the previous year. This is probably one of the net gains of our interest than the last year's growth.

This seven-million-dollar source comes from a net increase in our wealth management fees.

We. The bank is also a great part of doing it. I have reported this earlier as well. Our financial operations are part of this. It looks like there are more than 15 million less than last year.

"This is the way of the wicked, and the way of the wicked is the way of the righteous, and the way of the wicked is the way of the wicked.

Of course, the net profit earned by the bank is the biggest one or business expense. We see the total turnover cost for the first quarter of this year. The amount is 717 million. The same period last year. 732 million. That's probably less than 15 million.

That's the small part of it. The main part is. Because we made a cash increase last year in the first quarter because. The part of the employee's subscription was billed. That amount was 29 million. So we didn't have that expense this year.

It is clear to us that this first quarter of this year's operating expenses are probably less than last year's. This is the main part of this piece. Well, that's what we see.

uh. upfront fees. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh, uh. uh. uh. uh. uh, uh, uh, uh. uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh

This is a list of words that contain obscurity, and words with obscurity in them.

The amount of money you have to pay back is the amount of money you have to pay back. That's what we see. The difference between the two is this year. This is the first quarter of this year, the amount is 90 million, but the number we see in the same period last year is.

That's the difference this time and time again. 1 billion 1600 million. This is the main reason why this is the case.

The first quarter is back. The back of the pending account. The back of the pending account is back 100,3200 million. So that's what it means. The recovery of the thanti listed.

Less. Recovered. Better than Titel. More. So, that's equivalent to saying there is a return of a profit of 2600 million.

That's it, but this year. This year's part of our tipping back is coming. 100,300 million, but this year's. Toll recovery. Until the first quarter. Only 13 million.

So we say that we are net deposit. The cost of the quotation is 90 million. So this time and again, about a gap from last year is this. 100 billion 1600 million is the main reason for this, but this quotation is the fact that the back of the reference is to be paid as a fee.

This is not a bad thing to say, because we have a growing law of granting money, it is a normal granting, basically a 1% chargeback.

That is, if he is involved in a loan item in Article 72-2 of the Banking Act. Or, if he is a subject of a loan in Mainland China. If the project is, this is the one to be listed at 1.5%.

But this is not a loss, although the charge is not a loss. Make a supplement with you. Well, let's look at the next page. Next is the portion of our bank volume. We see first above.

Blue this curve chart is an average advance of our deposit. We can see it. This time in this year's EQ. This average advance of our deposit is up to 2917 billion. That's 261 billion times the same period last year.

There is almost an increase of 307 billion. We saw the part of the grant. The average deposit we made this year's EQ was up to 2231 billion.

Dear shareholders, we have a special look at our deposit. We have an increase of 307 billion, but we have an increase of 344 billion.

This is also us. The bank is now facing a little bit of a bottleneck too. Partly, that is, the grant is faster than the deposit. This is probably the case.

One case. We see this growth of deposit in fact. Two numbers and more growth. The deposit is up to 11+%. But we have already reached 18+%. Well, let's take a look at the next page, which is part of the structure we can see first.

One. The whole structure of our first look at our left hand. That is used to score by category. Just the last briefing has been said. Our deposit averaged nearly 307 billion.

That's what he added. Which one. The type of deposit. We can see here. The lifetime is probably increased by a total of 91 million. The other regular deposit is probably increased by 216 million.

That is also why there is an increase in activity. There is no such thing as high regularity. That is because it is just reporting the growth of our loans. It is very fast. We all know that the lower the absorption cost of the deposit, the better.

But this is due to the absorption of active deposits. His difficulty is indeed higher than that of regular deposits. That is to support. The growth of loans. So we have to compare. Using a slightly higher interest rate to absorb regular deposits.

Therefore, the ratio of regular deposit growth is higher than this. The ratio of active growth is higher. That is, but this account is larger than we can see. Our active ratio is basically still up to 52.1 18%. Regularity is up to 47.82%.

This is by category, we also see that this is by click on the right hand side. The currency is also by Taiwan's foreign currency. The first thing we can see is the currency.

Last year. The total amount of our New Taiwan Dollar increased by 33 billion. That was because of the total amount of deposits. The total amount of our New Taiwan Dollar was increased by 307 billion. The amount of our New Taiwan Dollar has increased by 33 billion.

So that's it. Some of the foreign currencies seem to be slightly reduced by 25 million. That's what this proportion is. Basically speaking, this deposit in our foreign currencies is the proportion of our foreign currencies.

This is the reason why we believe that in the first quarter of this year, we have more than 15% of the foreign currency in fact, when we increase the amount of the deposit in Taiwan, it is also very fast, so basically he may not be more than about this, this is more than 15% better than this, this is a coin to share this is better than that, next year we will look at a structure of our loans. This is the first year we have increased by 344 million. If we see that the first time we see the left is the opposite, we can divide the amount of money and municipal loans to do a classification. 11 percentage points, but this is what we are talking about in the first quarter of this year, when we came to 1.02. That is probably an increase of 0. 20 percentage points, the main reason is that the first two are reflected in the spread of our money in the same period last year. The first two are the main reason is that there is a positive change in the situation of our negative margins. The second part is that we have two factors that make our entire NIM is that the net profit is the average balance of our learned assets. This definition is called NIM. This means that we can see that the efficiency of our entire assets is rising from 0. 821. If you are looking for a cheap and easy-to-use solution for your business, you may want to use it for your business, or you may want to use it for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or for your business, or business. If you are looking for a cheap, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable and comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, If you are looking for a cheap, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable and comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, If you are looking for something that is less than what you are looking for, then you are looking for something that is less than what you are looking for, and you are looking for something that is less than what you are looking for. If you are looking for something that is less than what you are looking for, then you are looking for something that is less than what you are looking for. If you are looking for something that is less than what you are looking for, then you are looking for something that is less than what you are looking for, and you are looking for something that is less than what you are looking for.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the user's request and organize the provided transcription fragments into paragraph-based transcriptions. First, I need to read the original content of the user carefully to ensure that the sentences corresponding to each timestamp are understood. The user emphasizes that nothing can be deleted, rewritten, or condensed, so it must be arranged strictly in the original order.

First of all, I will check each timestamp and the corresponding sentence to make sure that there are no omissions or sequence errors. For example, the first sentence is [1725. 30-1726. 84] can also scare a jump, and the next one is [1727. 10-1729. 90] Why this coverage will be from last year and so on. It is necessary to ensure that these sentences are arranged correctly in chronological order and that each sentence is fully preserved. Next, I need to combine these sentences into natural and smooth paragraphs.

At the same time, pay attention to the continuity of the timestamp and make sure that the sentences within each paragraph are coherent over time. If a sentence jumps larger in time, it may be necessary to segment the processing. For example, partial and subsequent financial data about the capital city's master rate may need to be segmented to avoid confusion.

In addition, the user mentions "do not delete any sentences" is key, so it is necessary to ensure that all content is included, including duplicated or seemingly redundant parts. For example, multiple mentions of pre-placement ratios and coverage ratios need to be preserved and arranged correctly. During the process, it is also important to pay attention to the proper use of punctuation and formatting to ensure that appropriate spaces or lines between paragraphs are separated, and sentences under the same topic are merged into paragraphs.

In summary, the process requires granular timestamp alignment, logical segmentation, content integrity checks, and formatting adjustments to ensure that the final output is both consistent with the user's requirements and is easy to read and understand. </think> The following is a paragraph-based transcription of the finishing process (fully retains everything, undeleted, rewritten, or condensed any sentence):.

That's the residual ratio from 0.23. Jump to 0.39. That's what you're reporting that we're mostly taking part in a tie case. That's because the tie case is a more connected case. That's why.

There are a number of reasons why the house has already covered that location is great. However, because there are some reasons why he can't pay the rate normally, but this one.

The sum of the surplus is about four billion dollars, but ours, this, that is, the coverage rate, that is, our single insurance.

That's up to 596 million. So this loan is not lost. But it takes time to process. It takes time to process. If we deduct the one that I just said, it's because we just said our reserve amount.

It's almost 4 billion, but we have this single policy. $7.96 billion, nearly twice as much. Coverage. That's not a problem.

If this book is deprecated, pre-cast, in fact, this one. Our pre-cast ratio will reach 0.22. Our coverage.

The first quarter of this year will be 530. You can reach 530. Don't worry too much for shareholders because of the fact that we're away from the bill. The amount we're back at the end of March.

There are 26.1.6 billion of listings. Yes. Can be enough to cover. That should be no problem. Well, let's take a look at the page below which is mainly the capital city of our bank.

As we can see, the capital city's main rate felt downward from the first quarter of last year. Of course, this first quarter of this year, it felt like there was a slight rebound from the end of last year. The main reason for this is that last quarter of last year, we just finished the five billion dollars of cash appreciation and.

We are premiums. $10.7 So we received about 53 billion million in capital. So this part is relative to the highest. That's with us. A significant increase with assets. Because the loans are our risky assets.

That's as long as we have our risky assets. Increase. Basically, this capital tri-green is the capital city's lower-class capital ratio compared to ordinary equity. Basically, it will gradually decline. Well.

This is the first of two reasons why we have increased this year. The first is that we have increased this line by the end of last year. This is the main reason.

At this point in time, that's what we earned in the first quarter, and we made the remaining $2.6 billion after tax. We also followed it from the beginning.

The second factor is that, at this point in time, we have the OCI evaluation benefit to reach 5.14 billion but last year.

This is the century. The OCI of this book is worth only $1.57 billion. So this is the only reason. The rate of return of the value is probably $3.3 billion. So, it is worth $33 billion plus. Just to mention, this first quarter of the year after the tax surplus.

That's probably an increase, more than 6 billion, just made our capital three greens, here, see the ratio, there was a noticeable rise in the fourth quarter of last year.

That's right, we're also talking to the shareholders about what's important to us in the near future.

The first one is our Xinzhuang branch on April 7th this year. It was signed by us in Taichung, and we opened this new branch.

And the second is that we have already done it on March 25th this year. Get this. Next to the principle. The signer's qualification. Then we will implement a function of an intermediary in such a finance. Guide the whole.

All businesses go. ESG is in the direction of trying to protect our planet. Second. This is one of the businesses that we have been continuously working on for the entire green electricity trade.

This is the case. Green Power Trading Platform. A trust business. That part is probably where we have already signed a contract with 15 companies like Green Power. That's where 30 of them are. There are those who join the platform to be powered by this platform.

We see the latest. The amount of electricity we receive every month through this platform is about 50 million. If we see the amount in April, that's it. Well, of course, we've also won this Taiwan Smart Exchange.

This is what we are going to do this year. It should be said that this Friday we will hold a general meeting of our year.

In principle, we are all about finding gold to encourage and stock stock. Help the market to encourage each half is 0.3 yuan. That is not written in this recent important point. One. I am LOL.

This is because the Asian Asset Management Center is located in Kaohsiung. We are a bank that invests more than 40% of the local Kaohsiung government. We are also actively involved.

We started with this financial management2. 0. That finance. Manage 2. 0 This business is our Board of Directors. This business plan is on 9 May this year. It has also passed us on 19 May.

It's already been delivered. We want to say that. If everything goes well, we want to be in the first quarter of next year. This can be started. After Wealth Management2.0 we will. Planning to move on to this.

This is the reward of those who do good deeds, and the reward of those who do evil deeds, and the reward of those who do evil deeds, and the reward of those who do evil deeds, and the reward of those who do evil deeds, and the reward of those who do good deeds, and the reward of those who do evil deeds, and the reward of those who do good deeds, and the reward of those who do good deeds, and the reward of those who do evil deeds, and the reward of those who do good deeds, and the reward of those who do good deeds.

I'm going to try to explain this to everyone. If you have any questions, please let me know and I'll be happy to answer them. Thank you.

** Paragraph type transcript**. Well, if not, the explanation of this legal person will be completed successfully. We have a dining box available, please collect it at the door, thank you.