**Sunlight Property Insurance 113 Fourth Quarter Operational Update**. Vice President Wang Taiyu: Thank you for attending today's Sunlight Property Insurance 113 Fourth Quarter Conference, and thank you for your hard work in arranging this seminar. Next, I will give you a brief explanation, and I will answer your questions after the report is over.

First of all, we have to remind you that if there is a future description, there is a assumptions base in the middle, and this is not a guarantee of future operational performance. Today's law will be divided into five projects as a report, and the company's quarterly operating status. Shin Kong Insurance Company was established in 2002, and in 1989, it was licensed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange with stock code 285, and the holdings of 31.59 billion. The general mayor was Mr. Wu Xinhong, whose number of employees was as of December 31, 113, with 1536.

For example, the combined rate of loss rate of 113 is 83.31%, which is lower than the rate of loss and expense of the previous year. The company will continue to strive to improve and maintain the cost of control. Last three years, the EPS of 113 is 10.47 yuan, which is a new high in history. The company's profit source is mainly the loss of the insurance industry and the loss of investment. Overall, the proportion of profit from the insurance industry is higher than the investment, based on the pre-tax loss perspective, on May 5, 2014, May 5, 5, the proportion of the proportion of the loss of the company was about 7 to 3.

The total amount of equity interest in Sunlight Assets surpassed 1.5 billion yuan in 111 for the first time and continued to grow. In 113, the equity interest in shareholders reached $1.23.6 million and ROE was 18.1%, and the performance of more than two figures continued. Sunlight Assets mainly measured by the RBC and credit equality index. In the RBC risk capital market, the current statutory requirement is 200%, and Sunlight Assets 113 at the end of the year RBC is 456%, in addition to compliance with the statutory requirements, the current level of capital market is also a very solid situation.

Another indicator used to evaluate overall risk is credit equality. The current rate of capital market share accepted by Sunlight Insurance is 20%, and the CHT and ambest two credit companies are equal. The completion of the trust in November 113 and April 114, the same time as the results of the outlook given by SNP and CHT maintained the same time, the risk structure is very strong.

In addition, in the domestic securities, the bonds are increasing every year, the medium and long-term people to improve, stable income asset projects, for the investment focus, the goal is to increase the long-term stability of the earnings. In recent years, the implementation of ESG in Xinguang production inspection in recent years, the results of the implementation. In the environmental part, we have determined the goal of energy saving and carbon reduction, and have passed the ISO14064G5001, energy management related certification, and continue to develop green policies, and carry out carbon reduction in actual actions. In the social part of S, we continue to develop green policies, and continue to carry out various supply activities, such as 18 consecutive years of donated blood activities, purchasing as gifts from shelter factories, to support the operation of public welfare groups, this March, was also listed by the Taipei government, the national corporate procurement of shelter plant activities, GEO companies.

The above is the report of Shin Kong inspection. Next is the opinion of the leader, thank you for the time, thank you for the explanation of the Vice President Wang, if you have any questions, please contact the chat room, thank you. If there is no part to speak, today will be the end of the description, thank you, thank you, vice president, thank you for your participation, we will finish the part of the speech today, will be here, see you again.