Thank you for your interest. Please do not hesitate to subscribe to our newsletter. Please subscribe to our newsletter. Please subscribe to receive our newsletter. Please subscribe to our newsletter to receive our newsletter.

In the first quarter of 2014, the overall property insurance market accounted for approximately 46.4% of the total product structure, with a decrease in the market value of 13. 54%, and 13. 16% of the total business activity, the top three insurance companies accounted for more than 73% of the market share. The comprehensive rate is an important indicator to measure the performance of an insurance company's operations, combined with the loss rate and expense rate. After the control of the loss rate or expense rate, there is improvement every year. The consolidated rate for the first quarter of 2014 was 83. 56%, not much change from the previous year. The company will continue to improve the control of the maintenance fee.

The company's profit-to-income ratio is mainly the loss and investment gains and losses of the insurance industry. Overall, the profit-to-income ratio of Sunlight Insurance is higher than that of investment. From a pre-tax profit-to-income perspective, the ratio of the total profit-to-income shareholders of Sunlight Insurance was about 8 to 2. The total total profit-to-income ratio of Sunlight Insurance was over 1.5 billion yuan in 111 and continued to grow, and by the first quarter of this year, the total profit-to-benefit ratio of shareholders reached 195,589 million yuan. ROE was 14. 67%, continuing to maintain the two-digit conditions.

In terms of overall risk indicators, Shin Kong Property Insurance is primarily based on RBC as a benchmark of credit flatness. In RBC, the current statutory requirement for RBC is 200%, and Shin Kong Property Insurance 113 years is 456%. In addition to compliance with the statutory requirements, the current capital market value of Shin Kong Property Insurance is also in a very solid state.

In addition, the statutory requirement for Sunlight's property insurance is 456%. The statutory requirement for Sunlight's property insurance is 456%. The statutory requirement for Sunlight's property insurance is 456%. The statutory requirement for Sunlight's property insurance is 456%.

Sun Life Insurance is currently accepting the formalization of both CHT and AMBEST credit consolidation companies, with the completion of the letter in November 113 and April 114 respectively. The results of SNP and CHT have remained the same as in 112 years, and the financial risk structure is quite long. The financial risk structure of AMBEST is quite long. In April 114, AMBEST's lettering company flattened the ICR from A to A+. The following is the investment strategy report.

In addition, in domestic securities, the bond part is to increase year-on-year, and the medium-to-long period was originally to improve stable income of asset projects as the focus of the investment, the goal is to increase the long-term stability of the earnings. Sunlight Asset Insurance has been working on the results of ESG efforts over the years. In the environmental part, we set out the goal of energy saving and carbon reduction, and through the goal of ISO 14064, we continue to develop green policies to implement carbon reduction net zero. In the S part, we continue to carry out various public welfare activities, such as the purchase of souvenirs from a family factory for 18 years in a row, as three gifts to support the operation of the public interest groups.

In March of this year, SHKP has also been listed as the basis for the activities of the national corporate group sourcing plant. In the corporate governance area of the project, we strictly enforce the statutory compliance, and obtain the certification of ISO 27001 and PINCE of all assets protection. SHKP continues to improve business quality on the basis of the implementation of the professional and risk control, through the improvement of information system performance, the improvement of operating procedures, and the continuous improvement of the internal cultural form of professional materials of personnel to maintain a competitive advantage.

Thank you for your help. Do you have any questions? If you have any questions, you can leave a Q&A message in the chat room. Please answer. If you have any questions, we will finish the meeting today. Thank you for your understanding.

Thank you all for your support, Mr. K. Thank you all.