<think> Ok, now I need to process the verbatim text from the user and organize it into paragraph verbatim text. First, I want to read the user's request carefully to make sure that the task is fully understood. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten or condensed, so the integrity of the original text must be maintained. Next, I need to analyze the verbatim fragments provided.

This means that I need to identify which sentences belong to the same topic or paragraph, and then merge them, while keeping the sequence of timestamps. First, I check the content corresponding to each timestamp and try to understand the context. For example, the beginning part is about asking viewers for likes, subscriptions, etc., and then briefings and open questions. Next, Mr. Lin's speech outlines last year's performance, including the performance of banks, securities, bills, and other subsidiaries, as well as financial strategy and capital status.

In addition, it is important to note that duplicate sentences, such as "that should be deposited" after two paragraphs, may need to merge or adjust the structure, but all the original sentences must be retained. At the same time, some sentences may have timestamp errors, such as [88. 76-89.92] and [89. 92-97.80], and there may be times overlaps, needs to be confirmation that the user is correct, but the user does not point out the error, so deal with it as it is. During the processing process, also pay attention to the accuracy of professional terms and financial data to ensure that the transition between paragraphs is natural, while maintaining the order and content of the original paragraphs. For example, the description of indicators such as ROA, R1, EPS, need to be properly classified into the corresponding paragraphs.

Make sure that the corresponding sentences are properly integrated into the paragraph without any omissions or errors. After the initial draft, I will read the whole text again to confirm that all the original content is preserved and that the logical coherence between the paragraphs. If there are uncertain places, further adjustments may be necessary, but the user's request must be strictly adhered to without any modification or deletion.

That will be open to all of you to ask questions after the briefing. Here we have the time to hand over to the Manager Lin. Well, thank you Line, thank you for the support of Firstrade. Then let us have this opportunity to talk to you about the advanced investment. Since we actually started the spell club last month, the number of the first quarter was obviously not officially digested and announced. So we probably don't talk too much about things in the first quarter, mainly in some of the performance of the last year.

Of course, we can also do some exchange in this part of the QA. If we look at last year's performance, our overall profit is high again. 85. 22-88. 30] YY has also increased by about 5%. [88. 76-89. 92] That is, [89. 92-97. 80] is a good performance again after the previous year and after last year.

That said, last year's bank was no higher than the previous year, but it also maintained a pretty good performance of about 284 million. That's why securities and bills were very good because of the volume of the stock market this year, and the income of these currencies is very strong. So our securities are 27% higher than last year's. The bills are generally short-term and long-term financial operations, although interest rates are not as high as expected, it has no way to achieve the benefits of these bonds on their accounts, but they have also increased by 15% last year's.

Even maternity insurance frees up these pressures associated with the epidemic prevention policy, which was a profit of 400 million last year. If we look at this overall business strategy, we have set up some 1234 of this industry in the past two years, the four of us have three pillars, and the two of us are focused on the implementation, all of which are still on top of this strategy. This is especially not a bank subsidiary, like a security, its performance is also very good.

Looking ahead, we will continue to follow our four business strategies. If, in terms of financial overview, last year's GDP, although the Fed lowered interest rates and then the overall US dollar was still high, we managed to have this 2% YY growth rate in the local interest rate. The bottom line is that last year's high-speed rail once-in-a-lifetime top-up, and then the financial management top-up was very strong, so last year's top-up was 26% YY, and the bank's bottom-up was 25% YY.

That continued view of our operating team was that we were as much as we could find gold, and then we kept this level of stable cash yield as a goal. That was until the shareholders' meeting with the board of directors, the board of directors, and the shareholders' meeting passed later. That would be more clear, if we looked at this capital, in fact, last year's Total Card in the bank part was 14.81%, and the financial control card ratio was 122. 68%. If we look at the bank's first type of capital and the common stock capital were 12. 65%, it is much higher than the DECIP requirement of the systemic central bank.

This is mainly because the loans of large enterprises are relatively strong, so in the past quarters, they have a relatively strong growth rate. Small and medium-sized enterprises have 7% growth rate throughout the year. Therefore, the growth of mortgage balances in the fourth quarter of last quarter is slightly slow. If the growth rate of this real estate industry is relatively obvious in the fourth quarter, and retail wholesale industry, the payout is mainly because the mortgage is the main reason why the growth demand for local loans is relatively clear, mainly because the borrowing cost of Taiwan dollars is much lower than the US dollars, so the interest rate of US dollars is very high, so companies especially our customers are a large enterprise, so it is more flexible, so it will choose to compare interest rates and compare some of the prices of some of the prices to make the money.

That is because the borrowing cost is relatively low, so customers still want to focus on Taiwan Dollar. That is, if the YY growth rate was 3.5% last year, our survival ratio remained about 45%. At present, we try to make as much adjustments as possible in this foreign currency, especially the USD deposit above, so we try to make as much adjustments as possible in this foreign currency, especially the USD deposit, because the cost of this deposit is relatively high, so it will have some effect on this net profit difference.

The deposit spread of that currency is relatively flat, and it is still around 1. 36% and 1. 38%. In terms of net profit spread, in fact, there is a relatively significant increase in these quarters, and now it is 1. 15%, but foreign currencies and such as the US dollar deposit spread are affected.

Now to 1. 15% and for example, like the US dollar's deposit spread has an impact. That's mainly because we put most of these US dollars in the deposit. That's mainly because we put most of these dollars in the deposit. If we can make the deposit, of course, the main thing is to let the money go.

So the money he earns belongs to the financial operation. So the money he earns belongs to the financial operation. So the money he earns belongs to the financial operation. It is not included in this component of the net profit margin, so it turns out that the net profit margin in the U.S. dollar will lose a little. So it turns out that the net profit margin in the U.S. dollar will lose a little bit.

That's when it comes to the financial management business. In fact, these quarters have maintained this level of more than 1 billion. So it also led to the overall first-earning high. Like last year's first-earning YY growth rate for financial management. Like last year's first-earning YY growth rate for financial management. There are 28%.

The foreign exchange also has a growth rate of 6%. That credit consists mainly of the one-time first-time high-speed rail. So there is also a 37% growth rate. So last year's bank's first-time YY growth rate was as high as 25%.

This trend is down. But the coverage rate is consistently high. The current coverage rate has reached 701.91%. The NPL Ratio is maintained by each customer. This stable trend has been maintained over the past few quarters. The addition of pre-loads has also reached this new low in these quarters to 0.3%.

That was followed by some supplemental information and some financial reports. The briefings I gave to me first. I gave him this light of the first dollar of my time. Ask him to help us. Thank you very much for sharing with the Zhao Gongjin team. The next step is Q&A time.

We have a legal person to ask questions here. There are legal persons to ask questions here. Here is what I want to ask. Please see how Zhaofeng Bank's wealth management performance in 2024, and if there are any future strategies and goals.

Still continue in this section of the double engine. The double wings section has a good result. Mainly because we want to say nothing but to date. Especially in the circus part of the financial management. And also. More.

A little further growth. That's because last year's stock market performance and the demand for this financial product. It's still very strong. It's especially the benefits of these overseas funds backing up. It's still fermentation. So we see whether it's this fixed income product.

It is also a very strong demand. We are also bullish on this financial management business. Because the government is actively promoting the Asian asset management center. We are also actively in line with the government's policies. Keep an eye on these open government-related measures and schedules.

We want to be able to serve our customers more positively. Because of this platform, we think that we have a strong client base to date. Those small and medium-sized business owners.

He is our long-term client. Even his payroll accounts are in our bank. We use this base. And through this BASE. Through these resources we have been through for a long time. More active to cut into his sales or financial management business.

Many of these clients have made this cash management so far in our home, but he said that his personal wealth, he may not have known how we can do this before, or such a platform, or such a product, but slowly through this common marketing.

Or even more aggressive. By serving our clients so far through AO. Slowly, you can discover more financial management. Or go to the next level. These clients in private banking or high-net-worth clients.

We also saw that we had a first-come-first-served fiscal year. There were 28% YY growth rates. We also set it up this year. The goal of the double digits was a very high double digits goal. We wanted to push our overall first-come-first-served performance.

That's why we still believe that this year we have the opportunity to see this financial management opportunity that is not good. Thank you very much. I just received a question here. Is it possible to briefly analyze this policy during Trump's ruling? For example, this tariff policy.

The impact on the global supply chain and the education sector. That's why we think that's why. Because tariffs are actually only happening in recent days, we need to do some research within ourselves. There will be some more clear sharing.

But you'll say tomorrow. Because we've actually been there for the last half year. We know that Trump's new regime has some. That's also seen that our customers are. Because we have four branches in the United States. These are some of our clients that have been around for a long time.

It was slowly that they started to do something a few months ago. That is, some of the questions on the money are above, and then ask for our help. Some of the help we are looking for is that they have this to expand their investment in the United States.

That or it is because many of these clients are transnational. These large businesses cross border with currency. So their funds are arranged with their production machines. In fact, it is very flexible.