The following is a re-routing paragraph-by-text transcript: OK, two investment advanced people, I think we go straight to some basic introduction to the company. First, let's report that our Taiwan agroforestry was founded in 1950. Our main business has four items: the cultivation of tea trees and the production and sales of tea and tea related products; the second part is our tourism and leisure business; the third part is our land assets outsourcing business; and the fourth part is about some of our land development business.

In 2019, the company was selected as the chairman of Taiwan Agriculture and Forestry. After six years of long-term observation and operation, the chairman of our company now continues to launch a series of profit improvement programs on the company's profit, hoping that in the shortest time we can make Taiwan Agriculture and Forestry can achieve a profit so that we can make better at this time, this industry's profit. The company will also cooperate with the cultivation of tea and tea from the body business in promoting tourism and leisure business from this more effective use of the tea garden and the whole tea cultural assets.

The chairman of the board mentioned that he was elected as the chairman of the company in 2019, and that he was re-elected in 2022, during which he was mainly focused on improving the company's overall profitability as a solution. The chairman of the board used nine years of time to transform another listed company in Taiwan, which is the Sanyang industrial automobile related industry. The company's revenue and profit margin in 2023 also reached a record high in revenue and profit margin, so that the Sanyang automobile returned to Taiwan's top spot in World War II. The chairman of the board would uphold this successful experience in Sanyang to deepen the reform of Taiwan's agricultural forests in the shortest possible time to make this a profit.

In this area, we will also take advantage of the large land source of the company's vast land, which is also located in this relatively beautiful place in the forest to continue the development of agriculture as the second part of the tourism leisure business in Taiwan. The tourism leisure as the second profit of the forest engine has just mentioned that the chairman of the company will continue to improve the overall profits of the company, and these management teams will continue to transform the company's overall operating constitution as much as possible to do this cost down and improve the efficiency of the entire operation.

In the future, we will continue to use the vast amount of land in this mountainous area, and we will continue to develop the second part of this field of tourism and tourism in this mountainous area, which will be the second part of this field of tourism and tourism in Taiwan. In the future, we will continue to enhance the value of this field of tourism and tourism, which will be the second part of this field of tourism and tourism in Taiwan. In the future, we will continue to enhance the value of this field of tourism and tourism in the future.

Mr. Wu Qingyuan, chairman of the company, graduated from Taipei University of Science and Technology. He also has a master’s degree in architecture and urban planning from the Chinese University of China. He has been selected as the chairman of the company in 2019, and he was re-elected in 2022, during which time he was mainly a program of focus in improving the company’s overall profit margin. The chairman of the company used his time to transform another listed company in Taiwan, which is the Sanyang industrial automobile-related industry. The company also reached a record high in revenue and profit margin in 2023, so that the company returned to Taiwan’s first place in World War II.

In this area, we will also take advantage of the large land source of the company's vast land, which is also located in this relatively beautiful place in the forest to continue the development of agriculture as the second part of the tourism leisure business in Taiwan. The tourism leisure as the second profit of the forest engine has just mentioned that the chairman of the company will continue to improve the overall profits of the company, and these management teams will continue to transform the company's overall operating constitution as much as possible to do this cost down and improve the efficiency of the entire operation.

In the future, we will continue to use the vast amount of land in this mountainous area, and we will continue to develop the second part of this field of tourism and tourism in this mountainous area, which will be the second part of this field of tourism and tourism in Taiwan. In the future, we will continue to enhance the value of this field of tourism and tourism, which will be the second part of this field of tourism and tourism in Taiwan. In the future, we will continue to enhance the value of this field of tourism and tourism in the future.

Mr. Wu Qingyuan, chairman of the company, graduated from Taipei University of Science and Technology. He also has a master’s degree in architecture and urban planning from the Chinese University of China. He has been selected as the chairman of the company in 2019, and he was re-elected in 2022, during which time he was mainly a program of focus in improving the company’s overall profit margin. The chairman of the company used his time to transform another listed company in Taiwan, which is the Sanyang industrial automobile-related industry. The company also reached a record high in revenue and profit margin in 2023, so that the company returned to Taiwan’s first place in World War II.

In this area, we will also take advantage of the large land source of the company, which is also located in this relatively beautiful environment, continue to go with agriculture to do the appropriate development of the second part of the tourism leisure business in Taiwan. The tourism leisure as a second profiting engine of the agricultural industry has just mentioned that the chairman of the company will continue to hope to improve the overall profits of the company, and these management teams will continue to transform the overall operation of the company as much as possible to do this effective cost down and improve the efficiency of the entire operation.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the user-provided transcription and sort it into paragraph-provided transcription. First, I want to read the user-provided rules and examples carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task requirements. The user emphasizes that the original text content cannot be deleted, rewritten, or condensed into any sentence, so it is necessary to maintain the integrity of the original word.

In addition, pay attention to the continuity of timestamps to ensure that the transition between paragraphs is natural without missing any information. It is also important to pay attention to the duplicate content, such as some duplicate sentences in the example provided by the user, such as "then we will continue to push forward", and it is necessary to check whether the duplicates in the original, if any, must be retained. At the same time, check whether the sentences are split or merged incorrectly to ensure that the corresponding sentences are correct for each timestamp.

After completing the initial transcription, it is confirmed that there is no missing or error. This and Hui International as a cooperative operator, to run this tea garden. That to Miaoli, in the direction of this Taoyuan, we will have a Taixi old tea factory. The old tea factory because it covers an area of 9.8 hectares, and it is also our main leisure business. There will be a copper tea factory in Miaoli, which covers an area of 15.9 hectares.

After that, there will be a fish pond tea factory in Nantou, combined with the old Sun Moon tea factory, which is a sales point for our main product. At the same time, we also have another so-called deer coffee estate in Nantou, which covers an area of 7.5 hectares. OK. It was just mentioned that in order to increase the profit margin is the main focus of our business strategy in recent years.

The same loss will continue to decrease, and even control our loss every year. That is because of the two core businesses of Taiwan's forest tea planting and leisure tourism, the past operating expenses have a high state, which will erode the profits of our company. So the chairman of the board clearly said that this part must be made a certain change, hoping that the company can control the operating expenses, so that the company can achieve a more efficient operation such.

It contains nearly 400 hectares of land, like we originally planted in Pingtung, which I will release in the future for more than 200 hectares of land. The future development will include a combination of this so-called photoelectric plant to make this so-called land-use concept of agriculture and green coexistence. The second part is just a special mention, that we will continue to do some adjustments on the cost of operations, as much as possible to make unnecessary waste to do a saving action.

This is the part of the asset revitalization, which is the part of the land assets of our company, we currently have several large land development projects in progress, there are already completed parts. There are four main are already in motion or have been completed, the logistics park 300 million of the science and technology logistics park, it has been completely changed, and there is already a state of public sale in this area of the company, so there may already be some potential objects in the discussion. There is a so-called industrial park on the north side of Causeway, this part we are still in progress, in 2024 we are still conducting the so-called environmental impact assessment, which has not yet been completed a registration of this change.

In the future, we will continue to do the revitalization and reinvestment of this so-called government measures to promote this so-called national land plan. We will also cooperate with this national land plan, which is the most important part of this strategy to promote this large-scale development project, which is basically the same as we just mentioned in the northern part of the industrial park, it will be in line with this national land plan, and we will be in a hurry to send a project like this one before the national unsolved case. The only thing we have already done is to complete this change plan, including this three billion-dollar logistics park in the north side of the northern side, and the industrial red zone on the north side of the northern side, which has completed this change plan, and that part of the three areas have been completed this change plan, which is the direction for the next stage of development.

So many of our locations that we are already operating are driving towards the so-called leisure farm as a whole, including this chest space, which is included in this Shimen Forest Leisure Farm just mentioned in Taoyuan, as well as the Jiufu Leisure Farm in Miaoli Tonglu Tea Farm, so we will continue to push forward so that it expands from a single location into a so-called leisure farm operation. At the same time, we will continue to go to this next stage of leisure farm operation to push forward, which is a part of the use of leisure land. Then we will continue to push forward, and then we will continue to push forward.

In this case, we have just mentioned that our soil can save the entire water, the amount of this fertilizer, can be effectively saved, to achieve the saving and conservation of this resource. The same we, in this, our tea plant here, we will set up this so-called solar roof to save the use of this power, while avoiding the waste of resources. That is, of course, the company has the largest amount of land resources, so we, in the forest conservation, forest affluent above, is probably the enterprise in Taiwan, this area, we have the largest, we rich 475 hectares of forest, that will also conserve a lot of original forests, which there are about 20 more than, this unique species of life, living on top of our company's land.

In addition, we are also included in this sustainable fund, which includes the DFA emerging market, a socially responsible Crowe fund, including this emerging market sustainable Crowe One fund, etc. It is also reported to investors that we have just found a location in the leisure location in the Lukao Coffee Estate, this is a reward from our sustainable demonstration estate, this is the evaluation of Taiwan, the top 10 of this indicator, and then represent our sustainability in this perspective. This estate is also, in the future, will also go with some of the government to participate in these promotional activities, to bring Taiwan's coffee to the world.

The rest of the rest, like our investors, can report, like we are in the 21st century, this so-called pre-tax benefit, looks like the loss is relatively large. Well, these two years mainly because we have one for the company, the asset to do this asset loss list, which is mainly because we are in the Taipei station of the day, near this day, department store here, well, that holding this asset, we have to do this asset loss, these two years will be more obvious one, this after the tax loss state, of course, does not affect the cash flow mainly for the loss of assets, OK.