

The first is that we just mentioned the part of the wine cellar, the wine cellar in the end of last year is 244, then until the end of February is 252, the main adjustment is to expand the number of shelves and merchandise belonging to this part of the wine, which contains red wine or other liquor, such as sake, etc., that is, through different business districts to adjust, there may be three to six shelves of wine, so because the wine is essentially the price of a higher, then the gross interest rate will be better, and we can import the wine, we really have a certain source, so we can this way to reduce the middleman's fee, so we can better give back to consumers, that this year is expected to more than 300 stores to such a typical expansion of the wine cellaring project. In addition to the fact that we have introduced this coffee machine in the past two years, which is basically a set of coffee machines in the whole store, which is more and more of a sales item of coffee, which is currently the consumer for this Associated Press to sell coffee, in fact, acceptance is also getting higher, then we just said that is the United States coffee is a real milk, we use our own brand of fresh milk, it is completely domestic, so such a feature is also to attract consumers is to continue to buy coffee in the store, then our coffee single day is also a slow growth, then we continue to introduce a variety of items, can not stimulate the number of consumption of this phone coffee can increase. This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Using cookies should enable the user to use certain functions, share on social networks and edit messages and advertisements. By clicking on the “OK” button, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. For additional information, please see our privacy policy.

This is more of a description of the pet market from the channel itself, so in the future, we also with this pet market management team will have to help improve a part of the pet shelf. At present, the United States has two to three shelves based on the pet, the cat and the dog is probably a certain proportion of a description, then we want to say that the pet market through their understanding of the cat's goods or feed, and then adjust the pet part of the entire United States, and also in response to the rapid growth of this pet market in the future can be the first step, that is, the above is a state of a situation about the business of the United States and the investment, then we do not know that you want to invest in advanced to this place. Next to enter Q&A time, trouble all investment advanced and media friends, please mention your company name and ask questions. In addition, if it is the part of the show, just the good part of the pet also wants to say that in addition to the twin north, that in Taoyuan Hsinchu even does not exclude to the south, and then there is an electric growth, but as just mentioned is that the pet's good business position is to work with a professional gainer in the store, and then provide these four groups of consultation to make these four groups can be in the store to buy, so this part is also related to the lack of such a professional, so this part is actually with some schools, hoping that in the future, a gainer in this part of the part can very much get their support, and then help the good pet itself a shop.

So, in principle, the electric speed part may be more inconvenient, is directly here to reply to investors. However, it is certain that there will be a new store out this year, so we continue to test the non-Taichung area, so we have a negative acceptance, so we now look at the investor friends, about the investor friends to say about the first quarter of this year and the outlook for the whole year. In principle, it is now about March, the first quarter of that principle, we hold the company, because the new store is not out of the first quarter, so it is likely that the second half of the year there will be a new electric model out, so I am more optimistic, especially the new electric model is relatively large, and I hope that the second half of this year can be officially launched.

That principle may not be a new store in the retail industry, probably not a lot of growth, however, mainly comes from Mao's increase is one of our focus. So, including just mentioned is a adjustment of the structure of a commodity, will be a direction of our team's efforts this year. This is a kind of commitment to make this Mao's interest rate in the overall improvement. About the media ask is about how much the target gross profit rate wants to increase?

That's about how much we've just mentioned differential goods, that's how much we've grown from import to own brand. The last year we finished about 21, and the goal is always 25. That's this year if this test type is now 11 or so, then we want to say that this year is going to be a big adjustment, and that should be part of gross profit margin should be a lot more. That's mainly due to the proportion of this imported and owned goods, whether or not it's the overall hope that it can be up to 25%.

Any other questions? If not, this article will end. Thank you.