Below is a re-arranged paragraph type transcript:. Looking forward to the future. In the future, I would like to point out that we are going to continue our efforts to promote the company and create new opportunities. At the same time, I would like to thank China Trust for providing this platform. At the same time, I would also like to thank China Trust for providing this platform so that we can communicate with investors.

Let's hold an online spell club that gives everyone a better understanding of the company's development. Janice is a leading company in the design of several multimedia SOCs. Janice is a leading digital multimedia SOC design company, currently accounting for 40% to 45% of the market share in the global paid TV box market.

Currently, we are number one in the global market share. Yang Zhi Technology has a leading so-called cybersecurity technology. Yang Zhi Technology has a leading network security technology, which includes a variety of decoding and locking technologies.

These technologies are developed under the company's resources. They appear below the company's resources. These technologies are developed under the company's resources.

In addition, we are currently working on innovative AI solutions. In addition, we are also working on innovative AI solutions. We hope to develop our HDI-specific SOC along the edge AI. We hope to be able to develop our HDI-specific SOC here. It can be used in so-called smart homes.

Smart company. It can also be applied to smart company. Industrial application in this regard. It can also be applied to industrial applications.

These design engineers have a wealth of design experience. They include several aspects of software and hardware. Their design experience includes software, hardware, and digital analog. Currently, we have R&D and sales centers in China, China, Korea, and India.

We have our R&D and sales centers. These centers provide our R&D and sales services. Next, I will have our Chief Financial Officer. Next, I will have our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Hung Yakin, to report on our financial results for 2024.

Hello everyone, everyone. Welcome to participate in this session. Welcome to participate in this session. I am Mr. Hung Yajin, Chief Financial Officer of Yang Zhi. I am Mr. Hung Yajin, Chief Financial Officer of Yang Zhi.

I will then explain the financial results of 2024. At present, we are thinking about the overall financial situation of 2024. At present, we are thinking about the overall financial situation of Yang Zhi in 2024.

In fact, we are focused on optimizing the company's operating performance. We are actually optimizing the company's operating performance, as well as financial structure, as well as financial structure. In fact, there are obvious results.

And there are obvious results in including the loss reduction. And there are obvious results, including the loss reduction. Then the cash flow is stable. Then the cash flow is stable. And the optimization of the balance structure, etc., as well as the optimization of the balance structure, etc.

As you can see in the briefing, we can see the information on the briefing. We have the status of our revenue in 2024. We have the revenue in 2024. We have the revenue in 2024. So our revenue in 2023 is 1.4 billion. Our revenue in 2023 is 1.4 billion.

That part of 2024 is currently 16.28 billion. Revenue in 2024 is currently 16.28 billion. Revenue in 2024 is now 16.28 billion.

The main source is the revenue portion of our CETA BUS part. The revenue portion of our CETA BUS part. It is the stability of the growth demand. It is the stability of the demand.

That is to say, we have some ASIC revenues. We have some ASIC revenues. Suppress our revenues. Suppress to revenues. Increase some new growth momentum. Add some new growth momentum.

This is the condition of revenue. This is the condition of revenue. That is the gross profit margin. The gross profit margin in 2023 is basically 21. The gross profit margin in 2023 is basically 21%.

That 2024 also has a relatively significant growth. The gross profit margin in 2024 actually has a relatively large growth. Currently 29. The current gross profit margin is 29%.

The growth part of that gross profit margin. The growth part of this gross profit margin. In addition to the adjustment of some combinations of our product structure. In addition to the combination adjustment of the product structure. The high gross profit portion is relatively high. The ratio of the gross profit portion is relatively high.

That is the part of ASIC. The other is the part of ASIC. It is relatively some. It also has some. Because its gross profit margin is relatively high. Because its gross profit margin is relatively high.

Then again, we have a positive block. But then we have a positive block. We have some old stock on some of the low-value. Some of the old stock on some of the low-value. Then our stock can have better optimization scrolling. Our stock can have better optimization scrolling.

OK, this is the gross profit part. OK, this is the gross profit part. Then look at the net profit part after the tax. Then look at the net profit part after the tax. The net profit part after the tax is actually more obvious. The net profit part after the tax is actually more obvious.

Because last year we actually lost 1.6 billion. Because last year we actually lost 1.6 billion. The net loss rate was 117%. The net loss rate was 117%. In 2024, our losses have been reduced to 2.8 billion. In 2024, the loss has been reduced to 2.8 billion.

The net loss rate is 17%. The net loss rate is 17%. The loss portion is about 83% less. The loss portion is about 83% less.

The growth of our revenue comes mainly from our revenue growth. Then gross profit margin growth. Then gross profit margin growth. That is to say, the profit and loss table of the next page can also be seen clearly. That is to say, the profit and loss table of the next page can also be seen clearly.

We grow our business. We grow our business. Then we lower the portion of our business expenses. Then we lower the portion of our business expenses. This brief is us. This brief is us.

The overall condition of the profit and loss statement of 2024. The overall condition of the profit and loss statement of Yang's 2024. That is, apart from the growth of the revenue mentioned recently. That is, except for the growth of the revenue just mentioned.

Gross profit growth. Gross profit growth. Gross profit growth. Then the loss is reduced. Then the loss is reduced. Then you can see the portion of our business expenses. Then you can see the portion of our business expenses.

Last year was $900 trillion. Last year was $900 trillion. In fact, there was a substantial decrease in 2024 this year. In fact, there was a significant decrease in 2024 this year.

That reduction was about 25% less. That reduction was about 25% less. Of course, we were in addition to the basic cost section. Of course, we were in addition to the basic cost section.

The main part of our R&D skills. The main part of our R&D skills. It is focused on our core technology. It is focused on our core technology. Then make sure that our overall R&D competitiveness of Ali is so. Then make sure that our overall R&D competitiveness of Ali is such.

The current 2024 loss is a negative 2.41. The current 2024 loss is a negative 2.41. EPS2. 41 EPS2. 41. It is a negative 2.41 compared to the previous year. It is a negative 2.41. It is a negative 2.41.

Then we look at the balance sheet. Then we look at the balance sheet. Balance sheetWe look at the year-end report. Balance sheetWe look at the year-end report.

Because my current asset is 2.6 billion. That same period last year was 2.5 billion. That same period last year was 2.5 billion. That we are actually 816 in cash. We are actually 816 in cash. That's 47% higher than last year.

That was 47% growth for me last year. Relatively speaking, we have more funds. Relatively speaking, we have more funds. Can be used to deal with the costs of our future funds. Can cope with the costs of our future funds. Future growth and market demand.

Future growth and market demand. Demand for funds and so on. Demand for funds and so on. The part of the receivables is currently 68 million. The part of the receivables is 68 million.

That's 13 trillion million compared to last year. That's 49% lower. That's 49% lower. That's relative to the efficiency of our payouts. That's relative to the efficiency of our payouts.

The number of days per week for receivables is also from 35 days last year. The number of days per week for receivables is also from 35 days last year. It is reduced to 23 days this year. It is reduced to 23 days this year.

The two-year-old part of the stock is basically looking at it. They are about 300 million. They are about 300 million. But we have made a big adjustment to the structure of this stock. But we have made a big adjustment to the structure of this stock. On the one hand, we have decomposed some of the old stock.

On the one hand, we have a new inventory section for our new product F6P. On the other hand, we have a new inventory section for our new product F6P. On the other hand, we have a new inventory section for our new product F6P. On the other hand, we have a new inventory section for our entire market for 2025 next year.

The total debt this year is 12.6 billion. The total debt this year is 12.6 billion. The same period last year was 9.39 million. The same period last year was 9.39 million. The total debt actually increased by about 34%.

The debt is mainly because we have some deconstructive adjustments. The debt is mainly because we have some deconstructive adjustments. That basically we want our company to be stable in the entire financial situation. That basically we want our company to be stable in the overall financial situation. So we adjust the amount of our short-term borrowing.

So we adjust the amount of our short-term borrowings. Lower short-term borrowings. Lower short-term borrowings. Then increase our long-term borrowings. Then increase our long-term borrowings.

So there is a relatively stable capital existence. That gives the company a lack of funds. That gives the company a lack of funds. A relatively stable condition to continue to do the later operation. A relatively stable condition to continue to do the later operation. The part of the shareholder interest is currently 1.3 billion last year is 1.6 billion.

The part of the shareholders' equity is currently 1.3 billion last year is 1.6 billion. Of course, that is because we are still losing money in 2024. Of course, because we are losing money in fact. But the extent of its losses is the same as the previous year. But the magnitude of its losses is the same as the previous year.

In fact, there was a significant decrease. That followed because we had some savings in the second half of last year. That followed because we had some savings in the second half of last year. So if we say that our losses are going to be reduced in the second half of next year, then we would say that our losses are going to be reduced in the second half of next year.

In 2024, Yang Zhi was actually very successful in optimizing our financial statements. In 2024, Yang Zhi was actually very successful in optimizing our financial statements. In 2025, we continued to optimize our financial statements in addition to our financial statements.

We will continue to improve our business performance. We will also continue to improve our business performance. The benefits of our shareholders' interests will be better. Let our shareholders' interests be better. We will then ask our general manager to help us continue to perform the inspection.

That is the part we are going to ask our general manager to help us continue to do the inspection. Well, then I report is Yan Zhi. Well, then I report is Yang Zhi. The benefits of our shareholders' rights can be better. The benefits of our shareholders' rights can be better. We are the technology of the core product of the so-called multimedia SOC.

We are the technology of the core product of the so-called multimedia SOC here. The so-called SOC is a so-called system monochip. The so-called SOC is a so-called system monochip. What is the system monochip.

You can see the picture on the right. From the purple place. From the purple place. That place is called the CPU and GPU. That place is the so-called CPU and GPU. There is the future of the AI part of the MPU.

There will be a part of the AI in the future. Here we call it the so-called core of the processor. Here in general we call it the core of the processor. It revolves around the core of the processor. It revolves around the core of the processor. Our system single chip also integrates so-called security certification.

Our system single chip also integrates so-called security engine. This decoded part of the security engine. This decoded part of the security engine. It then integrates the part of the display engine that is so-called HD display. Then integrates the part of the display engine that is so-called HD display. It also integrates image processing.

It also integrates image processing. Memory management also has high-speed data transfer. Memory management also has high-speed data transfer. All of these functions. All of these functions. So many functions are integrated in a small chip.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with user-provided transcription fragments and convert them into paragraph-provided transcription. First, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten, or condensed into any sentence, so it is necessary to maintain the integrity of the original text. Next, I need to analyze the transcription structure provided to see how to make the content easier to read, without changing the original intention.

First of all, there are multiple timestamps and corresponding sentences in a script. Each timestamp corresponds to a sentence, and I need to group those sentences by logical relationship. For example, parts such as SoC, market distribution, ESG benefits, product integration services, etc. may need their own paragraphs. It is important to note that some sentences may belong to the same topic and should be merged into the same paragraph while different topics are separated.

Each topic may need to be replaced, but sentences within the same topic should be arranged in a sequence. At the same time, be aware of the processing of timestamps. The user-provided example, timestamps are kept in the original position, but may need to adjust the format when converting to paragraphs, so that it does not affect reading. For example, timestamps are placed before each sentence, but between paragraphs are separated by empty lines instead of a sequence of timestamps.

In addition, it is necessary to ensure that no sentence is missing and that the sequence is correct. Some sentences may be separated due to the interval between timestamps, but the actual content is continuous. For example, about the 20% reduction in power consumption, followed by the number of users and the calculation of power saving, these should remain consistent. During the process, also pay attention to whether the connection of the sentence is natural, whether it is necessary to add a link or adjust the punctuation symbol to enhance readability.

Make sure the sentence logic is coherent in each paragraph, the subject is clear, while maintaining the integrity and accuracy of the original text. </think> It becomes a so-called single-chip system. It supports the so-called multimedia standards on the left hand side of the world. So different countries can use different formats so that our users can enjoy these video services. All these chips are so-called security solutions, which are certified by the most advanced technologies in the world.

This is Yang Zhi's core product technology. In addition to the product, Yang Zhi has a very large advantage, which means that it has a sales channel of many operators in emerging countries. Currently, Yang Zhi's mid-end operator of Yang Zhi's technology chip, he is located in more than 40 countries, which has a total of more than 200 operators.

This is where Yang Zhi Technology will continue to grow in the future. In addition to the most growth in the industry, Yang Zhi Technology pursues the benefits of ESG, which he can provide for families and operators. Like the new system chip we launched last quarter last year, he called the previous program 20% less power consumption. What is that 20% power consumption?

This is Yang Zhi Technology's contribution to society in pursuit of ESG. Yang Zhi Technology is also promoting the so-called home-based AI you can change these devices without changing your TV, which is an upgradeable architecture. Then through AI, it can continue to provide innovative AI services. So the TV in the home becomes a big screen that you can continue to use by updating the new set-top box provided by Yang Zhi Technology, which indirectly drives our TV series carbon reduction and environmental protection.

This service may be provided by some companies and businesses, but he has a more special place to do it because we are also a product design company, so we can help customers to do the product integration service. What is the product integration service? That is, we can help you make a module for your so-called reference design, because our own software team can put your operating system on top of you to help you write these drivers can help you do the application, so the entire reference design can be provided to the customer.

That's what we're seeing now. That's what we're talking about at the same time as customizing ASICs. Focusing on the design services that provide multimedia and AI ASICs, the market of the application will be bigger. What are the main functions of it?

It is possible that all advanced people know that the main application interface of the multimedia chip is about three kinds, one is USB USB2. 0 3. 0 0, and the other is that it was born with its network from 100Mbps to Giga then to Giga next to the data center to 10Giga, and the other more use is that because of the need to get the TV display on top of the display screen, so usually the application of HDMI.

For example, if the customer needs a smart speaker, then we leave the other part of the audio to remove it and turn it into a smart speaker. The customer needs a sanitary reception and we add the regulator to the original platform and soon we can introduce a customer...

ASIC, which is a so-called display interface IO in this way, and then with this multimedia display platform, we can be very timely and flexible, and can quickly help customers to launch a so-called customized design chip he wants. There is a trend at the moment, because the rise of AI, so many high computing power including HPC in the cloud, or HPC at the edge of the so-called HPC, he still needs to show, he always needs an output input interface, such output interface, in fact, with a very advanced process HPC process to do it, he is not very cost-effective, so we for such applications, we have our multimedia chip, including USB Ethernet HDMI part, we will make it small chips, which can be packaged with these customers's main chip, through CoreOS package to his HPC chip, he is fast, his cost, the second cost comparison, which is also launched a service. Next, this is my main conclusion today, is to look forward to this year, Yang Zhi Technology here we focus on the so-called double engine growth strategy, the two engines we refer to, the first we will continue to carry out the so-called ASIC design service, which provides Yang Zhi Technology we have about 400 patents, nearly 200 so-called IP fine materials, with such a basis in ASIC design service, we have actually started to make some significant progress, the relevant IP and design has begun to deliver some customers at home and abroad, the ASIC design and IP licensing power can become an important driver of our company's success this year's growth, which will include our customer design IC, we will also have NIE revenue, we will have IP fine materials, and the customer if we continue to let Yang Zhi Technology help ship the production, we have the revenue, which will be contributing to this year's revenue, this is more favorable, because the Yang Zhi Zhi Technology has been accumulated, because it is a rich rich material, is the part of the part of the IP, we refer to the introduction of the next time, we are about the next time, we talk about about the next time we are about the next time we are about the IP. 6%, then we expect that we can achieve double-digit growth, Yang Zhi Technology as the world's so-called radio and television chip leader, then we just said that we are about to give more than 45% of the market share of satellite TV, then we will continue to provide AI capabilities, continue to so-called 4K or even the future 8K image application development, then the application here is not only for TV, because the next choice, including the VR AR helmet, this is available, so the conclusion is to look forward to this year, we will continue to promote a bi-engine growth strategy, then pay attention to the ASIC design business, and then continue to run the high-speed station, there is no such I want to go forward to the broadcast, there is the continuous operation of the high-speed station of multimedia and video, such as a channel of operators, that the layout is far away from AI, that the introduction, and create a new AI innovation application, that we are the future report, and thank you all.