First, I would like to introduce you to the leaders of today's company, the first is the general manager of Sze Ping. Welcome to invest in advanced, everyone, I am the vice president of Sze Ping. Second, Mr. Huang Chaowei, I am Mr. Huang Chaowei, thank you all. Third, the director of the practice of the furnace business.

I am a senior director of R&D of Ip Yinghu. I am a senior director of R&D of Ip Yinghu. I am a senior director of R&D of Ip Yinghu. I am a senior director of finance of Ip Yinghu. I am a senior director of Ip Yinghu.

Next, we will pass the time to the general manager, thank you. Thank you for investing advanced in the first quarter of 2025. Next, I will pass the time to our team and explain it to you. Well, this is an agenda today, here is a disclaimer. Well, I'm the finance director, and here's a company profile from me to report.

We were listed on the IPO in March 2004. The current capital is 7.8 billion, and the total number of employees is 540 or more. For the global layout, our current manufacturing base is Taiwan, as well as China. The sales service includes agents, channel operators, and more than 10 locations worldwide.

That 2024 revenue was 39.1.6 billion. The region was 34% in Asia, 46% in America, and 20% in Europe. The following was the fourth quarter of the financial results. In the fourth quarter of 2024, sales amounted $75 billion, an increase of 2% year-on-year, and a increase of 11% quarter-on-quarter.

The gross profit margin was 25%, mainly due to the better profitability of the product portfolio, and also better than 22% of the same period last year. Net operating profit was 73 million, an increase of 11 million, and a decrease of 12 million in a quarter. Net profit attributable to the parent company was 47 million at present, an increase of 6 million, and a decrease of 12 million in a quarter.

Gross profit margin of 25%, better than 24% in the previous period. Net profit of 326 million, a decrease of 70 million. Net profit of parent company at present 236 million, a decrease of 70 million. Earnings per share of 5.60 million, a decrease of 2.93%. Next, this page is an application surface. Our company mainly has products, mainly divided into four applications.

That is, the transmission, industrial control, special vehicles and medical care. In 2024, a distribution shipment, a turnover of 11,900 million is a communication application. The company's accounting number is 5,500 million, accounting for 35%. The public control application is 8,100 million, accounting for 24%.

As of December 31, 2024, the total assets of the company are $3.7 billion. The total assets of the company are $3.7 billion. The total assets of the company are $3.7 billion. The total assets of the company are $3.7 billion. The total assets of the company are $3.7 billion.

This is mainly because we have increased our IPO cash in March 2024 by 38%. This is mainly because we have increased our IPO cash in March 2024 by 500,000. In receivables 7 billion, an increase of 30% year-on-year. In receivables 7 billion, an increase of 30% year-on-year.

In comparison to the previous two terms, the number of days in which customers receive payment varies from one to the other. In addition, the stock of 500,2 million, a decrease of 12% year-on-year, reflecting the company's continued control of inventory. Real estate plants and equipment are generally maintained at around 70,600 million. In debt, the current liabilities of 900,4 million, a decrease of 3% year-on-year.

The next important indicator in the financial year, the receivables week on December 31, 2024 was 67 days, 81 days of inventory week, 57 days of accounts payable week, the entire working capital week is CCC91 days, which also fell 8 days from the same period last year. The current ratio is 289%, and the previous period is better than the previous period of a number. The return on equity is 11%. That is the financial report. Then, it is the operating status and the future outlook. Well, next, I will research and develop the senior director of Ip Ying Take and report with you.

I am a senior director of R&D. I have come to report about the direction of product development. It can be seen that Volkswagen is in the four areas of product development, the first area is leisure sailing, then special vehicles, industrial control and medical care, these four areas. In the leisure sailing section, the promotion of ultra-wide screen and large-size applications, the development of high-resolution new product lines, to create a new generation of advanced process instruments.

The part of the industrial control, from the outdoor weather resistance display to the human-machine interface system, to enhance the development of the whole machine solution, to provide 2475 high-spec outdoor weather resistance products. The 2475 here means 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, five years a row, such a high-spec outdoor weather resistance products. We also launched Open Frame Monitor system products.

The four cores of our company are the four cores. We use these four cores to expand outdoor household weather resistance products. Our main goal is to provide outdoor weather resistance professional display, our professional manufacturing technology includes waterproofing, and professional optical bonding. Our product design provides customers with more added value, including round, ultra-wide screen, and just mentioned in the system integration, vertical integration of software and hardware, providing customers with and then certification of outdoor weather resistance products.

The following is a re-arranged paragraph type transcription:. We have a wide temperature specification for extreme weather, and there is no shutdown. It is just mentioned 2475, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and 5 years without shutting down. Such a high-spec weatherproof product, that as well as our multi-application touch technology.

That's where we're heading in technology and product development. Next quarter and quarter 2 look forward to the next quarter, and I'm asking the business director to tell you about it. You're investing ahead of time, good afternoon. Now I'm here to show you what we're looking forward to in the second quarter of this year.

In the leisure sailing section, we've been dealing with stock adjustments last year. But this year, we've seen inventory levels have been reduced, and we've seen inventory levels have been reduced. And the area has been reasonable. And in the actual part, the dynamics of the new order section have begun. So we expect Q2 to be better in the leisure sailing section than Q1. This is confirmed.

In the special vehicle section, due to the addition of new models, it will also open up this momentum in Q2. In this phase of production, the volume will be expanded. This is why we will also contribute to the main growth momentum of revenue in the special vehicle. In the industrial manufacturing section, the industrial control section, the Q1 part has also reduced the water level due to confirmation from the customer.

I hope to drive the growth of gross profit as a whole. In the professional medical section, the medical market, because it is long-term and stable. In the order section, there are now new large medical devices to join. So we bring it to mass production. This also brings us revenue.

That's all for today. We're going to start with Q&A. I'd like to ask you a question. Tonight's all change, big market movement, and more experience. It's possible to find that eto and the future can show thousands of opposites to it.

What is the best way to grow a product? We asked the director to tell you. This year, our growth momentum will fall in the special vehicle and industrial control section. Because the two parts in the last year were the first because it added new products to the special vehicle. The part of the industrial control is due to the decrease in stock and the need of the customer above.

After talking to the customer now, there will be more noticeable growth in Q2. The above explanation. Next, I asked the reporter of the Times, asking about the layout plan for overseas production capacity. This was answered by my general manager, Ziping. After joining the Gada Group, the whole production line of the arrangement was actually followed by the strategy of the group. So fortunately, we have started to expand the production capacity outside of China over the past year.

We are now in the second phase of our plan in Vietnam. At the same time, we are also considering the fourth production base because of the US government's tariff policy on the future of tariffs. However, I would like to repeat that because most of our products are publicized, we would prefer to adopt a form of closer approach to our customers.

I would like to know what is the current tariff, because most of us are outside the United States. So you say that coming directly from the United States is really a tax rate problem. So we already have some corresponding policies with our customers. So basically speaking of our guests still taking this tax.

But I think for a long time, because we have plans to expand in Vietnam and Taiwan, this part should be able to avoid the impact of some tax duties. So there is a forward question, how much is the Q1 inventory cost? So how much is the cost of this part? So how much is the cost of this part?

I've just explained that the Q1 has a more obvious recovery than last year's Q4. Then it continues its momentum, so its Q2 is also a growth. As for the overall cost of our public control, we don't have much difference when compared to the overall growth rate of our public control costs. Because we've always been more focused, but it's better than it was last year, it's not as low as the public control. So I've just said that public control may seem to grow higher, but we've been at Q1 Q2 in fact, so we'll also have a big difference.

So we will also have a big difference. Mr. Chen in South China has a problem, and the question is to ask the shipping customer's domestic share. This part please contact the director.

That's part of the story. Now the project is still under discussion. So the project is still under discussion. This is what we're cultivating. This is what we're cultivating. The large size navigation panel has started shipping.

The Marine Large Size Panel has already begun shipping. What is the proportion of sailing this year. What is the proportion of sailing this year. The large size to Q3 will be released. The proportion is still relatively initial.

But within the sea, it should account for up to 5%. The trend of the sea yacht panel. As you can see now, the trend of the car panel is the same. That is, the panel is getting bigger and bigger. The trend of this large size.

The government is talking about it. It really is also operating recently with navigators. There are some projects that are larger than the size of the panel. In the future, how much will it account for. I would like to have a more clear explanation in the second half of the year.

Because of the end. The content of yachting ships is growing at a rapid pace. There is no such thing as a car. I think the design of this part should be seen in the next year. Performance growth.

We're looking forward to it. But I think this trend should be the same. Just like a car. In Taichung, investment is inquiring. New models of special vehicles are new customer needs. Will the vertically integrated price increase with gross profit?

In this section, we ask the head of the R&D industry to answer your questions. The new models of special vehicles are partly new. It is really new customer needs. In that part, in addition to the past.

We also started to integrate the software with the built-in system version. So the overall price and gross profit will increase. But the resources corresponding to our internal resources. We also built such a team.

So the internal resources will increase. To solve this need now. Then this part is what we offer a new team to visit. Then metal. For the main areas of the new car project. When this part is lacking commercial.

Then we will build a new car. Everything is not just a joint group. There will also be motorcycles to enter according to traffic.

We will teach them to change the iges. We will also have mont. The hair is used to entertain, and then in the Sato Valley. From now on in the hundreds of business projects surface. From here.

I put a few of them. Team five Zel. Bind them to Union Valley. That's for Schule.

This part of the large medical display is mainly a display that is guided by the image used in the operating room. This part should have been mass production last year. That's because Zhongnan Cou-Wan Philip has delayed his entire mass production time until the third quarter of this year. The mass production time is the third quarter of this year.

The content of our medical display is mainly about Uvai products. So basically we are reinforcing. The panel and touch and fit of the medical professional display are provided. Then it is provided to Uvai to make the whole medical display whole machine production. And then to Philip customers. Mr. Taichung Lin.

What is the progress of the Vietnam plant. How much capital expenditure is that. The Vietnam plant is now entering the second phase. The whole equipment is expected to be moved in the third quarter. It will be completed. That is now.

In the third quarter, we will be able to produce the helpers and panels as well as the fittings. In the third quarter, we will be able to produce them at a Vietnam plant. The capital expenditure part of that is now estimated to be around 40 million.

The Lord is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? the Lord is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?

That's it: working><. Ian is too much for you. Por. barbaric for you.

The plan of making a factory is not so much. Significant expansion plans like Vietnam. But we want to continuously optimize my. Efficiency of the equipment. Increased productivity. Here is what we can do now.

In addition, our Taiwan factory is different from the current one. Suzhou factory in China and Vietnam factory in Vietnam. Taiwan factory is mainly done.

Large sizes from 20 to 30 inches. Some of the production that fits with the touch. In addition, we have recently provided some. The fit capacity is relatively large in the country. The display manufacturers do some. The display used outside.

This is part of the good news. Here is the explanation. Let's take a look now. Let's take a look now. Let's take a look now. Let's take a look now.

Let's take a look now. Mr. Kaizhou Investment Lin. This year's overall revenue growth rate. Is there a chance to return to revenue levels in 2023?

2023. Yes, we are. We are. We are. We are. We are. We are. We are. We want to follow.

That's 2024. We did 34.18 billion. So the current goal is to be better than 2024.

Now is the time, now is the time, now is the time.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with user-provided copying fragments, sorting them into paragraph-provided copying. First, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten, or condensed to any sentence, so the integrity of the original word must be maintained. Next, I will check the provided copywriting one by one, paying attention to each timestamp and corresponding sentence.

For example, there is no content between 1760.32 and 1775. 12, which may mean that there is a skipped content in the original script, but the user is not provided, so it is necessary to maintain the order of the existing sentences. In addition, some sentences may belong to the same topic, such as about Vietnam expansion plant and group support, need to combine these relevant sentences into paragraphs, but the order and integrity of the original sentence must be maintained. For example, the phrases about Vietnam set up plant and automated input should be linked together to demonstrate causation. In the process, pay attention to the consistency of the punctuation and sentences to ensure a natural transition between paragraphs.

Finally, check if there are missing sentences or timestamp errors to ensure that all the content provided is correctly arranged. After the initial draft is completed, read through again to confirm that there is no violation of the user requirements, that is, do not delete, do not rewrite, do not condensate anything, and paragraph division is reasonable, logically clear.

In addition to the four major areas, does the company develop new fields or products? This is indeed true. In fact, just as the director of the business pointed out is the direction of the system, we are best at the outdoors, and the outdoor is also able to do a high-performance outdoor display, which is now the government is engaged in. As it has been pointed out, 2475 or even 2470, that is, a display that is a series of decades, and that is a display that is in the outdoor point, and a variety of climate conditions are all our products can go on for a long time, until the whole machine design, which we will continue to develop and create new products.

I would like to have some outdoor vending machines, vending machines or outdoor charging piles, large outdoor charging piles, and fast charging files that have been waiting for the government to come out of this market, please look forward to it. The effectiveness of the Group is in this part, because our Group mainly comes from monitor, monitor is more in the IT type of consumption, so the cost of the materials that can be supplied to the crowd in the whole outdoor or public domain is less. However, because the management and assistance of the Group's entire company, such as we are currently expanding in Vietnam, that is the Group has already set up a good factory in Vietnam, so the investment in Vietnam is relatively small.

Since this law is limited time, we welcome you to invest in advance at any time to do private contact with us to make some questions. Thank you.