The following is a re-arranged paragraph-by-text transcript:. Welcome to today's online corporate briefing, we officially started. First of all, I would like to introduce you to the early chief executive of today's company. The first is General Manager of Yu Siping.

And the third one is the one who gives thanks, and the third one is the one who gives thanks, and the third one is the one who gives thanks.

Next, I will introduce you to the next one. The next one is a practice like the business director. I will be the same as you. I will be the fourth senior director of Ip Yinghu R&D. I will be the senior director of Ip Yinghu. I will be the senior director of Ip Yinghu. I will be the fifth senior director of Ip Yinghu.

Hello everyone, I am a serious piano, Danny, okay. Then I will give the time to the general manager of the rest. Mr. Yu, thank you. Then we will start to do our presentation materials. Well, first do the company's introduction. The company's main products are mainly outdoor weather resistance hardening, which is our company's display.

Founded in 1997, we have been listed on IPOs in March of last year. The current capital is 7.8 million. The global layout is partly based in Taiwan and mainland China. There are more than a dozen sales offices, including some of our agents. The R&D base is also in Taiwan and mainland China.

The region's revenue distribution is mainly 36% in Asia and 44% in the Americas, with direct sales to the United States accounting for about 30% and 20% in Europe. Then, the first quarter reported financial results. Sales in the first quarter were $81.6 billion. The financial results at the end of the year decreased by 5% quarterly by 3%.

But the visibility in the second quarter has changed. Gross profit margin is 26%, better than the 24% of the same period last year. Net operating profit is 720 million, down 9 million quarters, down 1 million.

In addition, the net profit attributable to the parent company at present is 44 million, an increase of 4 million quarterly decrease of 30 million. The earnings per share is 0.56. Next, we see the application of the product, in the 2025 Q1 compared with the same period last year, the transmission part is 2.8 billion, so that the same period last year has reduced 10 million. In the medical part is 2.3 billion, and the same period is equal. In the public prosecution part is 1.7 billion, so that the same period last year has decreased 20 million.

The rest of the difference is in the rest, that includes the semi-finished products and raw materials. Our world-wide application, the gross profit margin can be seen below a small arrow table, the gross profit margin range, that is, the medical application is the best, then the gross profit margin will be more than 30%.

As of 2021, the total assets of the company were 3.8 billion. Cash and approximately the current cash were 1.3 billion million, accounting for 36% of the assets. The total increase was 5% year-on-year, down 14%.

Then, the revenue accounted for 689 million, which accounted for 18%. There was no significant change to the previous period. In addition, there were 560 million in stock. There was no obvious difference from the previous period.

In addition, the real estate and plant equipment remained at around 700 million. In other words, the current liabilities were 1.2 trillion, a surge of 33%. Mainly because of our first quarter of the board of directors, we were encouraged to allocate allocations. This part of the vertical distribution amount is 2.3 billion. Only the company expected to have 1.2 billion, so the allocation of operations will be transferred to other payables.

The company's financial structure is solid. The company's financial structure is solid. The company's financial structure is solid. The company's financial structure is solid. The company's financial structure is solid. The company's financial structure is solid. The company's financial structure is solid.

The company's financial structure is solid. The company's financial structure is solid. The company's financial structure is solid. Then we see some important financial indicators. A Youtube account is closed for 78 days.

Mainly because we have a more important customer, it is also a long cooperation. So he has an invitation to extend the number of days. In addition, the number of days in stock week turn is 83 days. The number of days to deal with the week turn is 61 days. The flow ratio is 222%. The return on equity is 9% this year.

The above is the financial report, operating status and future outlook.

In addition to the robust display modules, we also provide the MCU Platform Embedded flash-based one-machine interface. In terms of public control, in addition to the original module, we also provide the Open Frame Monitor system integration solution, as well as the excellent all-weather touch function, so we have added a vertical integration solution and our flash-based human interface solution.

In the future, we will invest in advanced people, I am the director of the business chain, I have the following from me to report the future outlook and the results of the products. The future outlook in the leisure marine section, Europe and the United States, there is a significant improvement in the demand for navigation display, in addition to the existing models of revenue contribution, we also have new product samples, which will increase the revenue in this part of the ship in the future.

In the industrial control section, because the government has continued to develop large-size and outdoor rugged displays in the last two years, that part of the 27-inch to 65-inch physical parts also provide samples to customers, and to conduct small-scale trials, which is also the part of the industrial control in our future can expect larger revenues. The professional medical section, in addition to being focused on the growth of new markets in the future, we will continue to expand the medical human-machine interface display.

In the professional medical section, Q3, this new large medical display will begin to mass production and will contribute to our revenue. This is the result of our business operations in the first half of the year. In the external part of our activities in the direction of the exhibition, we are committed to the outdoor logistics, we will participate in various international exhibitions and marketing activities, enhance the visibility of our government, and then attract more valuable customers to develop new products with us.

If you have any questions, we will ask you if you can open the point of sale here. If you have any questions, we will ask you if you can open the point of sale here. If you have any problems, we will ask you if you can open the point of sale on TV, or enter your questions in the chat window. Thank you for your cooperation.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the user's transcription and sort it into paragraph transcription. First, I want to read the user's request carefully to make sure that the task is fully understood. The user emphasizes that the transcription content cannot be deleted, rewritten, or condensed into any original text, so it is necessary to maintain the integrity of the original text. Next, I will check the transcription content provided in a sentence.

For example, regarding the impact part of tariffs and exchange rates, it may be necessary to merge the relevant sentences into a coherent paragraph. At the same time, pay attention to the mapping of timestamps to ensure that the time range of each paragraph is correct. During the processing process, also pay attention to some possible spelling or grammar errors, such as "repeat the current section" may be a "repeat section" error, but the user requests do not change, so keep it as it is.

In addition, some sentences may be incomplete or structurally confusing, as mentioned in the last part of the "workshop industry", need to confirm whether the original content is being used, but can not be modified. Finally, ensure that the conversion of each paragraph is natural while retaining all the original information. It may be necessary to merge sentences of the same topic, such as planning and production time on the Vietnamese production line, as well as strategies to deal with tariffs. At the same time, attention to the corresponding relationship between questions and answers, such as the questions of Lin Jingxiang and the reply of the Director, needs to be correctly segmented.

</span class="orgFullName-prefix">Church of Scientology</span> <span class="orgFullName-suffix">Church of Scientology</span> <span class="orgFullName-suffix">Auckland</span>

The problem with the exchange rate is that the company mainly or take a natural avoidance, because our U.S. dollar sourcing raw materials from the previous about 66 percent, the company has continued to reduce a portion of the USD, and there is a safe. Therefore, although there is a loss of exchange rates in May, but the impact is not significant. Then, the company's order is in the U.S. dollars in the quotation so that the revenue will be affected, plus the initial cost of a remediation is relatively high, so in the beginning it will have a 2-3% gross profit margin.

The company's products are currently being imported into the semiconductor equipment. Next, Mr. Chen, Research Manager of Sun Yat-sen, his vision for 2025 H2, is to print a letter to the Director.

In the second half of the second half of the year, we have determined to be better than the first quarter. In the third quarter, the third quarter, because the new product development in the special vehicle section and the industrial control section have a new set of new products, so the momentum of the second half of the year will be better than the first half.

In the public control from 21. 5 inches to 55 inches, these outdoor rugged displays are also small in the trial production. Q4 is now preparing for mass production with customers, which is likely to become our growth momentum in the second half of the year. This is more than a drawstring thread is the above megaphone Aqua then continuing to flat out Rush said bits, but we actually see how prevention and UFO relationship guns actually replace Liweiwei or not, or have already opened a chair industrial use of this part of the company's operating report, we are not too stressed.

Maori was originally a marine maori or a low maori? This part of the answer I have to say is that most of the large displays are used for large boats, and most of them are currently part of the sea map, which is actually half-outdoor and semi-outdoor, but because it is a very demanding requirement for the whole delay in the sea.

[1520. 50-1522. 56] is limited. [1522. 86-1526. 96] If you want to ask questions, you can continue to do so in the chat room. [1533. 86-1543. 84] Continued inputting your questions or opening the microphone can ask questions. [1552. 86-1559. 00] Is there any investment that you would like to ask questions? [1571. 80-1578. 46] Is there any investment that you would like to ask questions?

[1582. 60-1589. 28] Well, here I have investment advanced questions to ask. [1589. 28-1592. 78] What kind of system product is this MCU Embedded, can you ask the company to help us do a detailed description here? [1592. 78-1596. 22] We ask our R&D director Ip to reply. [1601-1606. 64] The meaning of MCU Embedded is actually embedded system. [1606. 64-1609. 36) Since the government has always been always has been always has been been has always been has always been has been has always been has been has always been has been has always been has been has always been has been has always been has been has always been has been has been has always been has been has been has been has always been has been has been has been has always been has been has been has been has been has been has always been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has has been has has been has been has been has been has has been has been has been has has has has been has been has has been has been has has has been has been has been has been has been has been has has been has been has been has has has has been has has has has has has been has been has been has always has always has has has has always has always has always has has has has has always has has has has has has has has has has has has has has been has been has been has always has has has has has has has has has been has been has been has been has been has has has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has has has has has been has has has been has been has been has has has has has been has has has has has has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has has has has been has been has been has been has has has been has been has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has been has been has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has has been has been has has been has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has been has been has been has been has been has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has has been has been has has has has has has has been has has has has has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has been has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has It has always been always been always has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has been has always been has been has always been has been has always been has been has always been has been has been has been has always been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has has been has been has has has been has has been has been has has been has been has has been has been has been has has been has has been has has has has been has been has has been has been has has been has been has been has has been has has has has has has has been has been has been has has been has been has has has has has always has has has has has has has been has has been has been has been has has has has been has has has has been has been has has been has has has has has has has has been has been has has has has has been has has has has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has has has has has been has been has has has been has been has been has has has has has has has has has been has has has has been has been has been has been has been has has has has has been has been has been has been has been has been has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has been has been has has been has been has been has has been has been has has has has has has has been has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has been has been has been has been has has has has has has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has has has been has been has has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has It has always been always been always has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has always been has been has always been has been has always been has been has always been has been has always been has been has been has been has always been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has has been has been has has has been has has been has been has has been has been has has been has been has been has has been has has been has has has has been has been has has been has been has has been has been has been has has been has has has has has has has been has been has been has has been has been has has has has has always has has has has has has has been has has been has been has been has has has has been has has has has been has been has has been has has has has has has has has been has been has has has has has been has has has has been has been has been has been has been has been has been has has has has has been has been has has has been has been has been has has has has has has has has has been has has has has been has been has been has been has been has has has has has been has been has been has been has been has been has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has been has been has has been has been has been has has been has been has has has has has has has been has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has been has been has been has been has has has has has has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has been has has has has has has been has been has has has has has been has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has has It has always been, has always been, has always been, has always been, has always been, has always been, has always been.