Hello, everyone. Thank you for contacting us today. Lotus is professional in design and manufacturing. Internet resolution solution.

Includes transmitters, PCs, automobiles,. Industrial and medical devices. It is the world's top three suppliers of backup CPUs. My name is Howard Kao. I am Morgan Stanley.

I would like to work with Ray Ta, President. And our President. A review together. We look forward to him here. For the company and the market.

We will see the four quarters of results, and we will provide them with a more in-depth review, and then we will.

Comments provided. at any time. on our website. posted in the video. well, thank you, Howard. good morning, everyone.

I am Ray Chai. President. President. Representative of President. Thank you for your participation. Our four-year results. And full year results.

Your business is well worth the budget. Please note that this discussion has already been recorded. Let's talk about these comments.

Let me introduce you, your own, error, this. pass.

I. I. I. Keep market demand, last year, our projects rose to 300 billion.

EPS per week reached $82.77. An additional increase in 4Q in 2020 was 53.15%. An additional increase per week was 52. 41%. Different additional comparisons of 4Q in 2020. An additional increase throughout the year was 35%. An additional comparison in 4Q in 2020.

An additional increase of 34.1% throughout the year. Almost a ring home. Gate. Still pay attention. EPS per week reached $11.161. An additional increase of 12.25% for 4Q in 2020.

Every week, EPS reaches $11.1.61. Additional resources for 4Q in 2020. men'll. Our base industry. EPS for this week. Sales expected to be on the screen.

Also atau. overall company. status. 7% annually. strategic customer. over 8% in Q4.

9. 8%. for the year. automotive health steady at. 6. 32%. in Q4. and the whole year.

industrial remain at. 2. 67%. for both Q4 and the whole year. lintels over 6%. in Q4. and achieve.

7. 31%. annually. for the. 2024 outlook. we anticipate. at least 15%.

increase in our top line. for the current year. driven by several segments. the we highlight below. the growth of the automotive. will be the highest.

and then will be the server. desktop. laptop. and then will be the server. desktop. and for the.

strategic customer. industrial and lintels. anticipate to have moderate. growth from. 5% to 10%. in.

in 2025. with the estimate. OPEX will be around. 1. 5 billion. same as. sorry.

will be around 1. 5 billion. every quarter. and regarding the. capax. the estimate. expenditure.

for the 2025. is around. 2. 5 billion. and plus. an extra. 500 million.

for purchasing. a new office. in Taipei. so in total. will be around. 3 billion.

That's our. capax in. 2025. so we will. next year. will be around.

3 billion. that's our. capax in. 2025. so we will. next year.

we will be. around. 3. 5 billion. so we. next year. we.

Next year. we. next. we. next. for.

segment. is as. follow. for server. as you can see.

right. here. intels. eco. and. and.

orama. and. churing. but the. penetration. ray.

will. growth. from. average. 30%. in.

2024. to average. around. 60 to.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the text fragments provided by the user and sort them into paragraph-based texts. First of all, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten or condensed, so the original text must be kept intact.

For example, some sentences may appear uncoherent or uncoherent due to the pause or repeat of the speaker, such as "penetration rain and continue and we expect that we can continue to grow in our pc". However, according to the user's request, no modifications can be made, only in the original order. Next, I need to reorganize these verbose content into paragraphs in chronological order. This requires identifying which sentences belong to the same topic or paragraph. For example, discussion about AI-related products, PCIe cables, power connectors, etc. may belong to the same paragraph, and the impact of Chinese New Year on revenue and the subsequent Q&A section belongs to another paragraph.

For example, the Chinese part of the "table income fell by 600 million per month to 540 million per month" needs to remain as it is, while the English part of the "penetration rain and continue and we expect that we can continue to grow in our pc" also needs to be retained, and may need to be appropriately separated in paragraphs. In addition, the user's verbiage has some timestamp missing or contingent cases, such as skipping to [460. 50-461. 22] directly after [461. 30-467. 54], and the time period of [461. 22-461. 30] is missing. This may be because of skipping or error in the original record, but it cannot be modified according to the user's request, so all the sentences provided, even if the timestamps are not conting.

'& answer 'In fact, we started buying Q4 from QD need to be arranged correctly to ensure the continuity of the conversation. At the same time, the duplicate and non-continuous parts of the answer, such as the "we expect we can get more projects" appear multiple times, must be retained the same. It is also necessary to pay attention to some possible mistakes or duplications, such as "the efficiency of business operations", and "define digging, which is the non-continuous part of the hunting that is growing in Areth. These need to be kept in the same order without modifying the content. Finally, to ensure the structure of the whole paragraph-based script is clear, each paragraph starts around a topic, while maintaining the natural sequence of time and dialogue.

We will check whether all sentences are sorted correctly after the preliminary finishing, no omissions or duplicates, and meet all the requirements of the user. Especially to confirm that no content is deleted, all sentences are retained as they are, and the transition between paragraphs is natural, and the characteristics of spoken communication are met. </think> The following is a paragraph-by-phrase copy (fully retains all the original content, undeleted, rewritten, or condensed): -- penetration rain and continues and we expect that we can continue to grow in our pc or pc cables and for the ai related products and can and the 2d will start contributing to this time within this year and the connectors and cables uh the will continue to increase and the cables will continue to a gpu socket if there is a higher than the desktop by increasing the higher level of the demand?

There are no different customers on your achievements? Thank you very much, we started buying QD from QD We expect QD to bring the total cost of 2% In this year's year carefully digging, this is in the area of 30 spice en nine other tackles We have been willing to get a lot of people video company strength content filmmaker and live streamdenile I estimate that we can complete all the tests this month So we may be able to enter the AVL before the next month Is that possible Now you expect 2% of the test How we think we should be doing what we are going to get in this space What we expect from MDEQD This is an advantage We expect We expect more projects We have received We have a lot of customers We are currently having a lot of clients We think that we will have more projects in the mid term We may be able to get more good results We can help us with this.

So, a total of 10 pictures, will be the total amount and combination of the pictures. So, that's how I adjust the picture. Yes, thank you. So, first review, Ray, can you say your impact on the burden, as well as Lotus's plan to prevent the impact of the burden? Well, we have a lot of pictures to choose from, from the hard verbal to FEE activity, our plan has become an independent pay for the pictures.

So now that we are able to see our considerations for the E2C application and operation, we really think that elltus sides are going to happen in Taiwan in the short term so I think we are ready to talk about what you can talk about in the South Asian region, for example in Taiwan or in Asia how we think we should discuss the impact of value and defects in our projects, because we need to talk about the value and defects in our production in Asia We need to talk about the value first and then we need to talk about the value and defects of the projects we are waiting for in Asia. I am now feeling that the value of the value and defects in Asia is probably expected to reach 5% this year's end, so I would say that it's high value in South Asia compared to the low value in China, so it's situation is a fixed value that I think we need to know that one thing is the difference between value and the fact that you think 'M eastern 's 's 's 's's's's's' are very hard's's's's in value and 's in U. S. An Island sometimes we are trying to deal with more about the value' with the more' with the value. '. '. '.

5. Failure to correct statement logic or syntax errors, fully follow the original transcription.

Yes, thank you. Ray, can you give us some guidance, how should we look at the revenue growth in 2025? I think that at least 15% is no problem. I just mentioned that the highest growth comes from an auto-car, and then it will be a transmitter, as you can see, the transfer rate here will rise higher this year. We have QD, we have a PCI computer, so our transfer rate will increase by 15%.

Then it will be a computer, and then it will be three. Understanding, so it's just obvious that your transmission rate is at least 15%. Yes, thanks. This is the biggest transmission rate car of the year in terms of auto cars. Can you tell us a little bit?

For the growth of an auto car, can you tell us a little bit about the growth of an auto car? On the growth of an auto car, on the growth of an auto car, on the growth of an auto car, on the growth of an auto car. I think we are smaller than other large cars, and we continue to develop projects in their projects. So now, you can see that we are not affected by the market last year and we continue to grow.

We are growing more and we will grow more. We will continue to grow this year or the year ahead. Yes. I think not only in Europe and China, but our American customers will continue to participate in our auto career as well. Yes.

We also believe that our U.S. customers will continue to participate in our auto-motor career. Understand. When you look at your auto-motor income, from a regional perspective, in which region is the highest and in which region is the highest?

At present, China is the largest, from more than 45%-50%, from more than 45%-50%, from more than 45%-50%, from more than 45%-50%, by Europe and the United States, by more than a dozen kilometers, is the focus of income, and auto products.

I think the situation is now, I can't say it's a speedy order, it's a speedy order. I think it's because of the growth of the season, you may see that Q3 and Q4 are weaker than the first speedy order. So I'm not saying speedy orders, it's just because of speedy orders, and Q2.

Yes, yes, yes, thank you. Q1 will say so for the new year, I will say so for sure, thank you.

Let's talk about ASP. You can share with us the difference between the current ASP and the CPU swing between the transmitter and the PC, hmmm, maybe it is the difference between Intel and AMD, hmmm, you can share any color with us, thank you. Well, I didn't give a very specific data, but I just said it was very popular, yes, he let us open the store will also be taller, she Brookie, I've been up and up, we've been up, we've been up, we've been up, we've been up, we've been up, we've been up, we've been up, we've been up, we've been up, we've been up, we've been up, we've got a kind of, we've been up, we've been, we've been up, we've been up, we're up, we'll be, we'n, we'll be, we'n, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be, we'n, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be up, we'll be able, we'll be able, we'll be able, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be, we'll be able to the same, we'll be able to the same.

If we can go back to QD, please help us understand what Lotus is, especially when you are competing with other suppliers, there is a Coplate solution, they can split and sell Coplate and Manafold, or QD solutions, how you can combat this organization's sales approach. I would say that the second or third is the supplier's policies, not only us, but almost everyone. So, I think our customers, especially the analog producers, have their own QDs, we don't want to replace them, we just want their second or third, so they have to have a second or third one, so we just want them, so that's that.

If you ask me about the CPU, I would say, we're working on a few projects. But if you ask me about the CPU, I'll say no, they haven't used the hindrance, and they're still using the interface.

The LGA interface may be used in other A6s. Do you think this is why they are not using it now? Do you still think this is why they want to use it in the future?

This OEM organization. This is the original design of NVIDIA. So they are using the OEM organization. They are using the current MirrorMesh connection. So the future.

So we think they might use the LGA interface in the future. So we think they might use the LGA interface in the future. So we think they might use the LGA interface in the future.

They may use the LGA interface in the future, so this may be our chance, yes, understand, thank you, if we can go further on the computer.

We can go further. Please tell us. gained eping trick Penguen harmonica b A passed. We think.

Yes. Of course, it will be higher. However, the transport rate of AMD5 is now more than 50%. Not only is the transport rate high, but AMD5 continues to gain shares in the market.

So this will help us not only bank. It also helps DDR5 and PCI-5. I understand that V1 is. Do I need DDR5 and PCI-5? Yes, AMD5 shipping rates are the same.

They only support DDR5 and PCI-5. So V1 transport rates not only help DDR5 and PCI-5. They also help AMD5 continue to gain shares in the market. So AMD5 transport rates continue to grow. Because of the value of shares.

So AMD5's transport rate has also helped DDR5 grow. So we think about it. We want to think about it. If we think about the transport rate of DDR5 and PCI-5. In today's desktop market. Would it be 30% and 50%?

I think it's more than 30% right now. It's about 35%. Of course it's higher. Thank you.

Thank you. What do you think. What do you have to predict? What will be the forecast for this year? V1AM5 and PCI-5 shipping rates. I think this year will be more than 50%.

But I'm not sure. If it can be shipped to 60%. I'm sure the current situation is. But I think that 50% should be no problem. Well, thank you. And then in the media.

What is V1AM5's shipping rate? And your forecast. Well, you can see. Last year, the average shipping rate of EGO and PGAMO was below 30%.

So I think this year. The average shipping rate will be between 60% and 70%. By the end of this year, we have received predictions. And our customers' shopping requirements. For Birdstream.

So I think. By the end of this year. Our shipping rate will be up to 50%. I understand that you are now shipping Birdstream on Q1. We have started shipping. We have received forecasts and shopping requirements.

Our customer. We have started shipping. Our customer's shopping volume. We. We put Xerv. And this then $100% of the shopping requirement.

For the first time in our future, we can only pursue and shop for requests. In fact, we can not change. I feel that our epidemic, one thing.

Are you having problems with GPUs or ASICs? Do you think NVIDIA or ASICs have an impact on revenue? We currently focus primarily on NVIDIA. In ASICs, we have the opportunity to have a CPU project. But we have the opportunity, we have the opportunity, we have the opportunity, we have the opportunity, we have the opportunity, we have the opportunity.

OK, thank you. We're back to the QD. Can you tell us more about your pricing and business environment for NVQ? Oh, there are a lot of competitors, I mean, you know, for NVIDIA, they put a lot of vendors on their AVL list.

But I think we are one of them, I think, I think, I think, at this moment, I think we have a chance to get some items, because some people also supply COPLAY, so you know, some people are like competitors,

We do not have any tags for Thank You, Thank You, Thank You, Thank You, Thank You. But from a basic point of view, How can we look at the basics, If compared to your total transmission business,

I can't say this, but I will say, yes, yes, you know,. Shanghai market, yes, yes, it will be lower than our average price.

Yes, you will, but you will create, you will bring us higher, you will bring us higher income, you will, you will, you will know.

Help our recovery ratio and investment amount. Understand. Well. Well. Well. Well. You will help us grow OP margin and EPS.

I'm sorry. Thank you. Let's take a look at the market budget again. For the full year of 2025, I know you're talking about what you expect from OP margin. Growth over the year.

But what do you think about market budgets? What do you think about market budgets? Why do you look forward to this year?

Good. You can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't not judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence, can't not not complete sentence, can't not judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence, can't judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can't judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can't not not not not not not not not not complete sentence can not not not complete sentence can not judge the full sentence, can not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not judge the full sentence, can not complete sentence, can not complete sentence, can not not not complete sentence, can not not Complete sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge Complete sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge Complete sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge Complete sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge full sentence can not judge Complete sentence can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not complete sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not complete sentence, can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not complete sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not complete sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not not complete sentence, can not complete sentence, can not judge the full sentence can not judge the full sentence, can not complete sentence, can not complete sentence, can not complete sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not complete sentence full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not complete sentence, can not not complete sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not judge the full sentence, can not complete sentence, can not complete sentence, can not complete sentence full sentence full sentence, can not complete sentence full sentence full sentence can not complete sentence, can not complete sentence, can not not not not judge the full sentence can not complete sentence, can not not not not not not not not not complete sentence, can not not complete, can not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not complete, can not judge the full sentence, can not complete sentence, can not complete sentence, can not complete sentence, can not not

I would like to give investors a reminder. I just mentioned that this year because of the better selection, we have won several times. We have won several times, so I would like to suggest to investors that this year's market budget will remain at the average level of 2024. However, our goal is to keep our average value.

Then on OP value, do you expect OP value to grow this year, is this a function for better operating expenses? Yes. So, we aim to keep our average value. So, we aim to keep our average value.

So, our goal is to keep our average value. Our goal is to keep our average value. Well. I look at villano. Zur That Andy. Some items, I mean some content growth, will be more than I expected, if all goes well.

Well, when we look at the CPU lock key, there are many people who say there are new entrances, can you introduce the current situation? Well. For SP7 and SP8, we see T will come back as a supplier. I mean start with SP7 and SP8. Apart from that, we have not seen any formal entrances in the market.

Of course, we'll keep an eye on it. Sorry, we think a lot of people are talking about it, maybe a lot of products will enter the supply chain. But now, you haven't had any actual events with these situations? Yes, we haven't seen that.

I'll keep an eye on it. I haven't seen any new entry except Round T. Official entry. I understand, thank you. We can skip the GPU key, GP300. I know you're in business now.

You can tell us your expected time and expected time. What is the expected time? What is the expected time you expect? We are currently only anticipating the broadcast test results. So, I have no expectations for this. Yes, this is the current situation.

Ok, so we can skip the chance of a GPU key? You listed the GP300 here. Well, what is your expected time? What is your expected time? What is your expected time?

GP300 should have 8 keys. So, this is the use of GP300. OK.

I'm sorry, I can't talk about ASP. Yes, but your value will be 8 for each AP running. I understand. So, the CPU will have 4, right?

Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. I understand, I understand. There is no change because I used to think it was 2 CPUs. Well, I think yes. Wait, I'm not sure.

Yes, you can see here, this is GPU. They use 1,2,3,4. Is this what I see? Yes, this is GPU200.

But GPU300 uses 1,2,3,4. Yes. It's clear. How can we calculate the supply used? I don't have any idea at the time. Yes, because we want to use GPU because we already have 2 CPUs.

So, we want to use a GPU, two CPUs, because we want to use two CPUs. Yes, yes, yes.

Yes. We are only buying some low price. So, I don't understand the situation of this block right now. I can ask you, maybe next year's Q2, Q3. Will you start buying this product in Q2? I will buy some small quantities.

"This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased," he said, "and this is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased."

I'm not sure. Anfino. I'm not sure. But FIT is another provider.

Is this a company average price? Yes, I have no way to talk. Sorry. No. No. Thank you.

Back to TE. Back to SP7. SERVER SOCKET. The opportunity you mentioned earlier. What do you think would be the opportunity for that time? What do you think would be the opportunity for that time?

Start with SP7 and SP8. So, it will be Q1 next year. Q1 next year. Yes. Now we use SP5. Venus uses SP7 and SP8.

And it started in Q1 next year. So, it started in Q1 next year. So, it started in Q1 next year.

Since 2026. Now there are 3. So 2026 will have 4. Is it right? I'm not sure. Because I haven't seen Socket in Affino.

Because I haven't seen Socket in Affinia, I can't rate it, but I can't rate it, but I'll say at least three.

Thank you, good. So when we look at the table space, basically the share of each AMD, intel on the table. There are plus points.

This is an extra advantage for you, right? Yes, because there are two providers on the AMD table, LOS and FIT, so AMD shares are relatively high.

Yes. Do you think AMD shares will come in from other vendors? Because AMD shares will continue to grow? Yes. So AMD shares will continue to grow? I don't see such extras.

Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.



<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the user's request to sort out the provided verbatim fragments into paragraph verbatim. First, I want to read the user's rules carefully to ensure that they are not deleted, unwritten, or condensed. The user specifically emphasizes that all sentences must be retained, so I want to check them verbatim to make sure that there are no omissions. Next, I need to analyze the verbatim content provided. It looks like a record of a meeting or discussion involving some technical terms such as AEC, AOC, Battle Hat, and mixed use of some Russian and Korean. The format of timestamps is [start time - end time], followed by the corresponding sentences.

My task is to rearrange these timestamps and sentences into consecutive paragraphs, while maintaining the order and integrity of the original sentence. First, I will rearrange each timestamp and corresponding sentences in sequence, removing the timestamps, leaving only the sentences. Then, I need to determine which sentences belong to the same paragraph. Usually, a continuous sentence of the same speaker can be combined into a paragraph, but may need to be segmented if there is a different speaker or topic conversion. However, the user does not provide the speaker information, so it can only be judged based on the sentence content and logic. For example, at the beginning sentence: "I don't say", "hm",", "I'm sorry",", "I don't care that AOC and AEC Battle Hat" look like the same person's continuous speech, probably belong to the same paragraph.

The following is a list of words that may refer to as "I'm talking about this item зача 폭 anti-gravity control arrester ani", which may involve technical terms, but the original sentence needs to be kept. Then about the supply of AEC and AOC, and then the end of the sentence. These parts may need to be segmented, as the content turns from the technical discussion to the thank-you and the end. It is important to note that there are some repeating words of gratitude, such as "Thank you, everyone", which may need to be merged or kept as they are.

In addition, parts of the mixed language such as the "ani" need to be retained and cannot be modified. During the processing process, I need to make sure that each sentence appears in the final paragraph, the order is correct, no omissions. At the same time, to avoid adding any additional content, keep the original intention. If there are uncertain places, such as the logical connection of certain sentences, it may be necessary to keep the original and not make adjustments. Finally, check whether the entire paragraph is smooth, meet the requirements of the user, make sure that nothing is deleted or modified.

I have compiled the paragraph transcripts as follows:. I don't. I don't. Oh, I don't. I'm sorry, I don't care about AOC and AEC Battle Hat. I'm talking about this entry зача 폭 Anti-Gravity Control Arrester ani. I don't see a request for this kind of AEC.

But this AEC, Lintest has been supplying AEC or AOC to its customers. Understand, thank you. I think at this time we can do this video. Thank you Ray, thank you all. Thank you Ray, thank you all for contacting us today. Thank you, Ray.

But first of all, Ray, do you have a key word you want to share with our audience? I think we will do our best to keep our values to a certain extent. We will grow our industry values and EPS, which will be our main goal. Thank you for joining us and wish everyone a good day.

Thank you all, we will see you next time. (Note: There is a mixed language phenomenon in the original, such as "зача 폭 Anti-Gravity Control Arrester ani", which has been fully preserved. All timestamps have been removed, but strictly follow the sentence order and integrity requirements of the original script.)