The following is a re-arranged paragraph-by-word transcript:. Welcome to the online interview session of Duntai Electronics Co., Ltd. The meeting today will be co-hosted by Mr. Wu Zhengda and Mr. Zhang Weijie. The initial management team is Mr. Wu Zhengda and Mr. Zhang Weijie. Hello, I am Mr. Wu Zhengda.

Hello everyone, good afternoon. And Mr. Zhang Weijie, Chief Financial Officer. Hi everyone, I am Mr. Zhang Weijie. The process of today's meeting will first be based on the results of the operation report, and then the Q&A exchange time.

First of all, I would like to ask Mr. Zhang Weijie to present a briefing for us. Well, first of all, the first page is our disclaimer. It is difficult for you to invest in advanced friends to read on your own. Thank you. The agenda for this meeting today is divided into four pages and four parts.

The first part we will give you an explanation for the results of the first quarter of this year. The second part is an advanced explanation by the chairman for our future outlook. The third part is an introduction to some of the products used by the company in the terminal market.

Well, first of all, I wanted to report to you what happened in the first quarter of this year. The first quarter of this year's revenue was NT$29.93 billion. Mainly due to the traditional low season, and some mobile phone customers had already stocked up earlier in the fourth quarter last year, so this year's revenue was down by 28.5% compared to the previous quarter.

In the last quarter, Focus was better than we were when we first focused. Mainly because of my product portfolio, there were some relatively large changes, that is, my low gross profit product line was reduced, the high gross profit TD product with non-mobile product control or this tablet, etc., it was less technically affected, so our product portfolio improved. So my gross profit margin in the first quarter was significantly increased to 26.9%.

In addition, my operating expenses are well-rounded, coupled with this incentive of my out-of-the-work income, and my tax return has reached NT$1.7 billion. That's why EPS per quarter is $0.8 per share. Keeping up with the last quarter's $0.86 was a slight decrease. Next, let's take a look at the income statement. The first operating income, in fact, was 29.900 million in the first quarter of this year. This was a decrease of 28.5 billion compared to the first quarter of last quarter of the year.

This is mainly due to the fact that part of this shipment had a pre-reflection situation in the first quarter of last year. So the revenue in the first quarter of this year decreased by 28.5% compared to the first quarter of this year. In the gross profit section, the gross profit in the first quarter of this year was 8105 million. Compared to the same quarter last year, the main part was only 10.2% lower.

Compared to the first quarter of last year, 21.4 4 was a surge of 5.5%. This is my main product portfolio. It is just mentioned that the touch product portfolio is better. Because its gross profit margin is relatively high, its shipping ratio is better. However, because its unit price is relatively low, it seems to be a decrease in turnover. But its gross profit margin will increase.

That's why the first quarter of this year's operating fee is 7154. Compared to the first quarter of last year's 81.6 6 is G-8.7%. I think the company is in charge of this side, and in fact, I want to follow this relatively small turnover in the first quarter of this year's I think the company has made some more powerful control measures, etc. So the operating economy in the first quarter is NT$50 million. Compared to the 6900 million in the fourth quarter of last year's G-27.5%.

1123 is G-10.6% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. The pre-tax economy is 116 million. The post-tax economy is 117 billion. Therefore, the first quarter EPS is 0.8. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year, the 0.286 is slightly down 0.06. Then let's take a look at the operating income.

Sales revenue for the first quarter of this year compared to the first quarter of last year's 3.56 million. 16%. Although the turnover here seems to be slightly lower, the main reason is the change in this product portfolio. Just reporting my shipment in the first quarter of this year is that my sales volume has increased significantly. However, because of its relatively low unit price, it appears to have decreased by 16% year-on-year in terms of turnover. However, its gross profit margin will increase.

So the gross profit for the first quarter of this year was 8105 million. Compared to last year's revenue of 700,92,0002, it increased by 1.6% year-on-year. The opposite is the direction of this revenue. Mainly my gross profit margin. So the gross profit margin for the first quarter of this year was 26.9%. This is an increase of 4.7% year-on-year compared to the same period last year.

This is where my product portfolio is getting better. My gross profit products are shipping more to help my gross profit margins have a positive increase. The operating expenses were reduced by 3.8% in the first quarter of this year compared to the first quarter of last year.

Ex-industrial income earned 11 million in the first quarter of this year. Compared to the 1103 million in the same period last year, it increased by 6.4% year-on-year. Last year's total net profit was 11001 post-tax 11002EPS, which was 0.54. So I wanted to add $0.26 to EPS in the first quarter of this year as well as the same period last year. Then let's take a look at this balance sheet. The balance sheet for the first quarter of this year's cash balance sheet was 811.72 million.

Compared to the last quarter of last year, $9.92 million was a quarter cut of 17.6CM. The absolute amount here is almost 17.5 billion. This is mainly because we have about 1.2 billion of our capacity margins for our customers in the first quarter of this year.

The first quarter of revenue was 9002 k6, compared to the previous year's 1.34 million, which was a decrease of 30.9%. I think it was mainly due to a large difference in revenue in the first quarter of this year compared to the first quarter of last year. The stock portion of the first quarter of this year was 3.3 billion. Compared to the first quarter of last year's first quarter, 25.700 million was a quarter increase of 29%. This is mainly because we have prepared some inventory for the first half of this year.

However, sales in the first quarter were not expected to be good. Therefore, this part of ourselves is expected to be relatively high in the first quarter of this year.

In the second quarter, the amount of our inventory should be gradually reduced. That other liquidity assets of 200 million, which is the part of the tax refund, is the difference between the time difference and the 3.3% increase in the quarter. This difference is not large, this absolute amount is less than 100 million, mainly from the wafer here to recover the portion of its capacity margin. The total assets from the first quarter of this year is 171.5 million, compared to the last year's 18.6 billion, which is about 1.5 billion, mainly from the reduction in cash.

In the first quarter of that year, the net worth of each share was $47.09, and the net worth of $45.99 increased by 1.19. Then we look at the cash position compared to the same period last year, the cash position of the first quarter of this year, the cash position of the first quarter of this year, the cash amount of $9.37 million, the annual decrease of about 12.8%, the absolute amount of the first quarter of that year was about $12 billion, the main reason is that I probably also have the customer's capacity margin of about 2.1 billion in the last year, and the portion of the borrowing portion of the first quarter of that year we have about 8 billion long borrowings, which is the main reason for the reduction of the cash amount.

That non-current assets is about 4.4 billion, compared with last year's 537 million is a decrease of 17. 2%, the absolute amount of this capacity is reduced by 9002 million4, mainly because we recover this capacity guarantee from the operating plant, the amount of capacity guaranteed in the past year is about 1 billion, this is the main reason. The total assets, this year's first quarter is 1.715 million, compared with the first quarter of the previous year's 1.9 billion was 10.7% less, mainly because in the past year we also have this customer capacity margin is 2.1 billion, this is the main reason.

Next, we asked the Chairman to explain the future outlook for investors. Hello all friends, I am going to talk about the market we see in the next two quarters. We also reported last quarter that our shipping situation is actually in the middle and low-level products, because the seasonal relationship, shipping is slightly weak, so we estimate that in the second process it should rise, seasonal return, we have seen this in April, so we feel that the whole second quarter, in this regard, the revenue will definitely grow.

In addition, in the case of controlled products, we also mentioned that because of its relatively high gross profit, so also led to the growth of our first quarter gross profit, then these products, it is mainly used in high-end mobile phones, in this high-end mobile phone, basically their entire shipment pace, in general, are more reliable, so the demand for this second quarter of the chip is also more secure, so I think revenue is expected to grow steadily in this regard.

We find it difficult to estimate what direction the tariff rates are going to develop and to what extent they are going to develop. That is why we are more likely to make a more accurate estimate of the situation we are profiting from. We can only say that we will focus on the development of this product and technology, and that we try to strengthen our resilience to this market change.

In the end, I would like to point out that we have some good news on the tablet, and that our new products have also come out, and this very successful implementation of a number of projects, so I believe it will be a very important key in the future growth. What is especially worth mentioning is that we wrote about this, in April last year and at the end of April, Duntai participated in the 21st Shanghai International Auto-Sports Exhibition, and received a breakthrough award from this exhibition year's auto industry chain, which again shows that our products in the automotive market and this impact on the market, which is very positive. We can also see in some of the photos below, we have seen in the past, we also in various fields, we also in this cell phone, this expanded to non-mobile.

So, in terms of NOBLE, like Lenovo here have two mobile phones, that is our new product, that ASUS here also shows two are used in our products, the next page, show the new application of this car, in Guangdong Automobile Group called the legend of this car, using this control display, then the next line, East wind Nissan is Nissei is also using this product, so this is a very exciting some new application. Well, I think our report to this end, we open to see whether our investment friends are some opinion, we can exchange, good here very much thank the Chairman and the CFO share, then we are interested in the next part of the exchange, if there is an online investment advanced problem, can use the chat function of the conference room to ask, then please contact the transport team a bit, thank you.