The following is a re-arranged paragraph-by-word transcript:. You are welcome to participate in the online corporate briefing of Duntai Electronics Co., Ltd. The operating team of the representative attended the meeting was Mr. Hu Zhengda, Mr. Hu Dong thanks. Hello, I am Mr. Bea Zhengda, Chairman of Duntai Electronics Co., Ltd., including Mr. Zhang Weijie, Chief Financial Officer.

The tax process today will be followed by a briefing on the results of our operations, followed by a QA. The first thing to do is to ask the Chief Financial Officer of Weijie Zhang to present the results of our operations. Well, I would like to advise you on the investment line, first of all, this disclaimer.

The second part is an outlook for the future, which will be explained by our chairman, Bea Bo-Chien. The third part is what the company has introduced to the market customer application section in the last quarter of the year above the new product field. The fourth part has some QA links for some of the friends of the investment rights vi. So I first did the training for you. The fourth quarter of the report on operating income of the company last year was NT$41.8 billion, a 9. 8% increase compared to the third quarter.

Compared to the same period in 2023, our YY grew by 15.3%. Revenue growth in the fourth quarter of last year exceeded the company's expectations. Mainly in the AMO category, the penetration rate of products in mobile phones, tablets, and medium and large sizes increased.

In addition, in part, TDDI products also meet the company's initial expectations, as some customers have pre-stocked as the Lunar New Year arrives. So last year's fourth quarter revenue exceeded the company's expected level. Thank you. Next page. Due to the impact of the product portfolio, our fourth quarter gross profit margin decreased slightly compared to the third quarter. The fourth quarter gross profit margin was 21. 4%.

However, due to the significant increase in sales in the fourth quarter, my gross profit increased to NT$89 billion. Net operating profit was NT$69 million, coupled with outside income. My tax net profit was NT$18 billion. In the fourth quarter, due to the depreciation of NT$18 billion, plus some of the company's interest income made our outside income in the fourth quarter good. This quarter surplus was NT$0.86, the highest quarter in 2024.

In the field of mobile phones and non-mobile phones like tablets or laptops, we all have some good results. This resulted in a 26% increase in our shipments throughout the year in 2024 compared to 2023. However, when it comes to LCDIDC, the price of DDI's mobile phone products has continued to decline. So my revenue has only increased by 7.2% compared to 2003.

Our gross profit margin was NT$32.6 billion, an increase of 20.3% compared to 2023. Operating expenses were increased to NT$30.90 billion as we invested some new products. Our business experience was NT$1.679 billion, an increase of 36% compared to 2023. In addition to external income, the 2020 tax experience was NT$5.6 billion. EPS is NT$2.7 billion, an increase of 61% compared to 2023.

The following is a comparison of our earnings statement from the third quarter last year. As you can see, the fourth quarter of revenue increased by 9.8% compared to the third quarter. In fact, it was more than a figure expected by the company in the previous quarter. In the gross profit section, our fourth quarter grew by 5.5% compared to the third quarter.

Gross profit margin decreased by 0.9% due to the product portfolio relationship, and the fourth quarter to 21.4%. Operating expenses grew by 8.6% in the fourth quarter. This was mainly because we invested in some development of new products, and some EDA and lighting have increased some costs. The fourth quarter's operating experience was $6.9 million, a decrease of about $19 million compared to the third quarter. The fourth quarter's external revenue was $2300, an increase of about $5 million compared to the third quarter's.

So the exchange rate is still large. The pre-tax experience was 154% year-on-year and 140. 9% year-on-year. EPS in 2023 was 0.37 yuan, and in the fourth quarter of last year it reached 0.86 yuan, where a substantial increase was near 0.49 yuan. We look at the year-on-year performance.

My gross profit margin increased mainly by 7.2%, and my gross profit margin also increased by 2.4% to 22.4% from 20% in 2023. So both of these factors have an impact on the situation. Operating expenses increased by 19.6% in 2024 compared to 2023.

A year-on-year growth of 36.6%. The main benefit is the loss of some currencies in 2023, while 2020 is the exchange of interest. Along with some of the other interest incomes from our investments, there is a better performance.

EPS was $2.71 in 2020, a 0.9% increase compared to $2.74 in 2023.

<think> Ok, now I need to process the verbatim text of the user and organize it into paragraph verbatim text. First of all, I want to read the user's rules carefully to ensure that the user does not delete, does not rewrite, does not condensate anything. The user emphasizes that all sentences must be retained, so I want to pay special attention not to miss any information. Next, I will analyze the verbatim content provided by the verbatim text. It looks like this is a verbatim financial report involving parts such as balance sheet, shareholders' equity, dividend distribution, and future outlook of the company.

First, I need to identify the logical relationship between each sentence and see which sentences belong to the same topic or paragraph. For example, the parts of the balance sheet may include multiple related sentences that need to be linked together. Similarly, the parts of the equity and dividend distribution also need to be merged. During the process, I need to make sure that each sentence is in the correct order without changing the original intention. For example, the user mentions "non-current assets have some down" twice, I need to keep both sentences but may be merged into a more consistent paragraph.

In addition, some sentences may be duplicated, such as "the entire shareholders' equity for the fourth quarter last year was 101 billion" appeared twice, I need to confirm whether it is necessary, but according to user requirements, everything must be retained, so even repeating should be kept. In addition, note that the scope of timestamps may be wrong, such as [649. 02-650. 02] and [651. 02-655. 02], but users do not require processing timestamps, so just sort the sentences in order. When finishing the paragraphs, I will use appropriate punctuation marks and verbs to make the paragraphs smoother, but must keep the original sentences intact. For example, check if there are missing sentences to ensure that all the contents are correctly grouped into the corresponding paragraphs.

After finishing the preliminary finishing, I will read through the entire paragraph-by-word text to confirm that there are no missing sentences and that the text is logically consistent and in line with the requirements of the user. At the same time, make sure that there are no personal opinions added or rewritten, and that the text is organized in accordance with the original. </think> The following is the finishing paragraph-by-word text (fully retain all the original content and adjust the layout and punctuation only): --- The $1.74 in 2023 increased by 0.9%. Next, let's take a look at the balance sheet. My cash balance in the fourth quarter of last year was $99 billion, compared to the third quarter of a slight drop of 4.3%.

This is the most important thing in this area. I think we have lost more than 700 million of our mortgages in the long-term debt of non-current liabilities, so it has made my cash balance less. The part of the receivable has increased by 8 yuan, mainly because my revenue in the fourth quarter is near 10 yuan. The change in inventory is not much. This is the difference in time difference between the non-current asset, which is part of the refund, and that is the fourth quarter of the non-current asset is 4.5 billion, compared to the third quarter has been reduced by 4.1 yuan.

In terms of liquidity debt, the fourth quarter of the current balance is about 5.8 billion, up by 6.5% in comparison to the fourth quarter of the fourth quarter. This is mainly because I have some new orders for some new products in the fourth quarter of the year, which is just the same as the end of the year, so these accounts have not yet paid. The non-current balance was 2.7 billion 4300 in the fourth quarter of the year, compared to the 3.9 billion in the third quarter of the year, the main reason here is because we actually before the fourth quarter of the last quarter of the year, we paid a margin for this product to the customer, we have returned a portion of the part to the customer.

In fact, I want to make a profit for this company all year 2024. On the one hand, I want to make a profit for this company all year 2024. On the other hand, I want to make a profit for this company all year 2024. On the other hand, I want to make a profit for this company all year 2024, and on the other hand, we sell some cash for some old stocks in 2024. The balance of receivables is reduced 18. 8% year-on-year, the balance of receivables is 18. 8% year-on-year, the balance of receivables is decreased 18. 8% year-on-year, the balance of receivables is 18. 8% year-on-year, in fact, we in 2024 this revenue is a decade-on-year, we have increased more than a dozen percentages in 2023, but since the customer close of the relationship, but because this customer closes are better, because the relationship, so our receivable relationship, so our receivable balances are less than the balances.

That is, in the fourth quarter of 2023, we did not have a close relationship with accounts payable. That non-current debt was 2.7 billion in the fourth quarter of last year, compared to the fourth quarter of the fourth quarter of 2023 46 billion in the 4th quarter of this year, decreased by 41.4 percentages, which was about 1.9 billion here, the first two factors, just reported that this long-term borrowing in the fourth quarter of last year was nearly 715 of us, and the second part is that we probably lost more than 1.2 billion of our customers here before the end of the whole year.

In the first quarter of this year we went to almost half, you can see basically what we were expecting at the time, because the factory is the so-called traditional low season, mainly because the factory, because of China Union, many factories have stopped working, and we know that this is especially the mainland factory, basically the economic situation is not so good, so many factories in the mainland are stopped, so many of the goods are a little bit slower, and even if you are ready to continue to work during the spring season, about the fourth quarter of pre-stocking, so we found in January, including the market liquidity difference in February, so we are in line with what we expect, so this is what we see on the face of the mobile phone is more obvious, not the seasonal impact, so we basically together, so we look forward to the next year regardless of mobile phone together, we think that the market will be better.

We believe that in the second half of the year, it will not only be revenue for the company, but also a significant increase in gross profit margin. This is our outlook for the future. So, we will tell you what new products we have in the past quarter, or what new applications our products into the terminal products.

This is a big step for us in the past two years. We all know that Amazon's e-book has a very high share in the world, and it's a good word of mouth. From the last quarter, we have officially shipped, become Amazon's, not the phone sorry, Amazon's e-book's supplier of IC.

In this regard, we have been working on Lenovo's expansion for about four years, and since last year there has been a more significant growth. Again, GoPro is a long-term partner, its products so far, we are its exclusive supplier, all of which are our Touch IC, this is two of its latest products, Hero11 and Hero13, and basically it has been a product that continues to respond quickly in the market.

If you have any questions, please call us in the chat room, and we will answer them together. We will ask the cloud team for a moment, thank you.