<think> Ok, now I need to process the verbatim text from the user and organize it into paragraph verbatim text. First, I want to read the user's request carefully to make sure that the task is fully understood. The user emphasizes that the original text content cannot be deleted, rewritten, or condensed, so the integrity of the original text must be maintained. Next, I check the verbatim fragments provided, paying attention to the sentences corresponding to each timestamp.

Each section needs to be segmented, but all the original sentences must be kept without any deletion or modification. During the process, I need to pay special attention to the continuity of the timestamp to ensure that each sentence is correctly located. For example, the "Today's Forum" of [0.0 00-1.00] should be used as the first sentence, followed by the welcome word of [1. 70-4. 40], and so on.

In addition, the example provided by the user, some sentences have a large time interval between [25. 92-27. 84] and [30. 00-34. 88], but according to the content, these sentences belong to the same paragraph, introducing the process of meeting people and meeting, so it is necessary to merge into the same paragraph. During the finishing process, also pay attention to the consistency of the sentence. For example, the chairman's speech section has a lot of technical content, needs to maintain the order of the original words, while ensuring that the transition between paragraphs is natural. For example, from introducing the product layout to the production plan to the financial quality, each part should be independent, but maintain the logical order.

Welcome to the Forum. Welcome to join us. The Global Investment Forum, held by Taishin in the first quarter of 2025, is hosted by Mood Technology Co., Ltd. Today, we are pleased to invite you to participate in this forum today. First of all, let us introduce you to the CEO of the conference.

The first one is our Chairman, Mr. Wang Fengxia, and Mr. Su Yifan, Chief Financial Officer. The current law is divided into two stages: company briefings and QA. During the briefing process, investors can write down their questions on the question sheet. We will collect them after the briefing session and the company will reply to them unifiedly.

Thank you, everyone. There's also a good friend of the media. It's been a long time coming to Rollshow. After the pandemic, today I'll take a moment to report some of the company's future developments, some of the production preparations, and some of the things that may happen in the future.

So if you have any opinions, you can come to me after my presentation. The time is very short, and I have only three slides in total, so you can have enough time to do some discussion. This is not included in the slide, etc. So the first slide has already been viewed, probably only three today. The first content is to discuss the company's product layout with our company's product layout. The first one is to report the direction of market development.

The second is the layout of some of the production in the future, because now the company's factory capacity is not enough, we will in the future how to cope with some of the development of some of the current development, do some planning for some time. The third is about some of the quality of some of the finance, only a slide to report to you. So let's take a look at our Product Road Map.

In fact, in the past, including last year, our PCB revenue accounted for 95% of our company. So the real us, although we have developed semiconductors for many years, the real share of the percentage is very low. So today, with you will report that there will be a very different change, and then the proportion of PCBs will be greatly reduced. Here I also report to you, from the past Mark Legion to the present Mark Legion, it will really be some kind of difference. Let's look at our entire electronics industry, in fact, the bottom line is SMT, is to do some service mounts, put some ICs on the PC board.

In the past, we have focused on PCBs, and in the past, we have seen the blue part. Therefore, PCBs are divided into three types of PCBs, one is the PCB of the AirPCB, the PCB of the RigidPCB is the PCB of the hardboard, and the other is the Subtrade of the board.

But that's not the point. So, MarkVision was looking for some PCB AOI in the past, and that was five years ago we began to lay out WAFER is the part of Packaging, Packaging AOI, the AOI of WAFER, which means that the wafer factory did well before it was sent to the shipment, he might have to do a check, followed by a check to the packaging inlet, and then cut the inspection after that, probably did that.

If you do not participate in some of the earlier planning, you see the home production line above the equipment, you do not have to do it. So that is why we have not been able to break through the biggest reason in the past years of semiconductors, because we are looking at other people's equipment, others' rear lamps are doing this product. This is also the reason why we asked ASE as a strategic investment partner two years ago and ASE as a packaging leader, where we can only see the packaging of the equipment they need, including the advanced packaging of the equipment they need, in the first stage of production, we should be involved, otherwise we will not be able to participate when they have mass production. This is the biggest difference.

In fact, our products have been divided into four categories. On the PCB above we launched the four-wire tester this year, this tester is a total of five years in the company research and development, we are not the same as Hanwiko it did ten years, I have one, we have less than half the time, but this one is really very hard to grind, because we put the PCB four-wire machine out, this year we will run out, we are now in BetaSight test, this performance is very superior, we opened two chips for this device, two are analog chips, very easy to open, opened several times, this product is now in BetaSight test.

This is also because after joining our team, after we join the ASE team, the market we see is really large, so the packaging we should talk about in the package should be divided into two pieces, one is in the wafer part, called Wafer, the packaging to cut the wafer has a long bar, we are called Packaging, so the packaging equipment wear this way, usually two kinds of equipment, usually a Wafer A1 equipment, one is Package A1 equipment, then we we have these two above, the four industries will become a direction in the future development of our company, the four industries already have a focus on the development, so we will grow from PCB A1 to four industries in the future, and the size of the market is not less than what we talk about, the scale of the PCB vision of the test, it is very close to the PCB A1 of the whole PCB A1 market, and we can provide a few examples. This is the world's highest flow rate, for example, we say that our line of inspection is the highest flow rate, that is in this 15 devices, we are now supporting the entire MarkVision its mainstream revenue, but from the back of us is that we see the red is Wafer AOI, this year also has a lot of quantities, this product has been done for many years, so this we will also see this year's revenue contribution, that is, we see all the financial data of these two devices, one is this side of this side of the so-called contribution, the other contribution I report with you, we see that there are two yellow parts, we are now we can be BetaSight test equipment, one is the right inspection of the device, that this device is the performance, I think I have a lot of advanced reports, and I think that many of the spells will follow you, Mark Vision do not do a lot of the next time to do it, we have to do it, it, we will do it, but we have a new product, we will do it in the next next time, we will do it, it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it in the same thing, we will do it, we will do it in this, it, we will do it, it, it, we will do it, the next next time, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it is the same thing, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, we will do it, it, Now, when we are testing for BetaSight, I will report to you, this year we are working on a plan, this year we are going to complete the plan, I am going to report to you a lot of things, this is the green part, including the PCB AOI of this equipment, we have two products, we should do two products, one is the CSP to be launched immediately, there is a future package, compared to the big PCB, the big BGA of this test, this is currently in production, there are four products, in addition to the yellow product we just said, two products are Pioneer, one product is a big problem, there are some obstacles in the market, so we help them solve, so there are four, we are on the Wafer AOI, that we are going on, this product, that we are in the Wafer package in the market, now we now we know what we know now that we are now, that we now that we are the current we are the current we are the electric motor, that we are now, that we are the current, that we are the current, the current, the current, the current motor, the current, that we are the current we are the current, the current, the current, the motor, the current, the current, the current of the current of the current of the current of the current motor, the current motor, the current of the current, the current of the current of the current of the current of the motor, the motor, the motor, the current, the motor, the current, the current, the current, the current, the current, the current, the current, the current of the current of the current of the current, the current of the current of the motor test, the current, the current, the current, the current, the current, the current, the current of the current of the current of the current of the current of the current, the current, the current of the current of the current, the current of the current of the current of the current of the current of the current of the current of the motor, the motor, the motor test, the motor, the motor test, the motor, the motor, the motor, the motor, the current, the current, the current, the current, the current, the current, the current, the current of the current, the current, the current, the current of the current of the current, Our current electric current, our current electric current, our current electric current, our current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current electric current, the current electric current electric current, the current electric current electric current, the current electric current electric current, the current electric current electric current, the current electric current electric current, the current electric current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current electric current, the current electric current electric current, the current, the current electric current electric current, the current electric current, the current electric current electric current, the electric current electric current, the current electric current, the electric current electric current electric current, the electric current electric current, the current electric current electric current, the electric current electric current, that, the current electric current, the electric current electric current electric current, the electric current electric current, the electric current electric current electric current, the electric current, the electric current, the electric current, the electric current, the electric current, the electric current, the electric current, the electric current, that, the electric current, the electric current electric current electric current, that, the electric current, that, the electric current, that, that, the electric current, that, the electric current electric current the electric current electric current, that, the electric current electric current we the electric current electric current electric current electric current electric current electric current the electric current the electric current, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, the electric current the electric current the current the electric current the current the current the electric current, that, that, the electric current the current the electric current the electric current the electric current electric current, that, that, that, that, that, that, the electric current the electric current the electric current the current the electric current the electric current the electric current the electric current we we we we we the electric current the electric current the current the electric current the current the electric current the electric current the current the current the electric current the electric current the electric current the electric current Our current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current motor current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current motor motor motor motor motor motor, current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current motor motor motor motor, current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current motor motor motor motor, current current current current current current motor motor motor, current current current current current current current current current motor motor, current motor, current motor, current motor, current motor, current motor, current motor, current motor, current motor, current motor, current motor, current motor Our current electrical measuring machine, our current electrical measuring machine, our current electrical measuring machine, our current electrical measuring machine, our current current electrical measuring machine, our current current electrical measuring machine, our current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current motor motor motor motor, that current current current current current current current motor, that current current current current motor, that current current current current current current current motor, that current current current current current current current current current motor, that current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current current motor, the current current current current current motor, the current motor, the current motor, that current motor, that current motor, that current motor, that current motor, that current current current motor, that current motor, that current current current current current motor, that current current current we we we we Motors, our current motors, our current motors, our current motors, our current motors, our current motors, our current current motors, our current current current motors, our current current current motors, our current current current current motors, our current current current current motors, the current current current motors, the current current current current motors, the current motors, the current current current current current current motors, the current current current current motors, the current current current current motors, the current current current motors, the current current current motors, the current current motors, the current current current current motors, the current current motors, the current current current current current motors, the current current motors, the current current current current motors, the current motors, that we , then the current measuring machine, the current measuring machine, the current measuring machine, the current measuring machine, the current measuring machine, the current measuring machine, the current measuring machine, the current measuring machine, the current measuring machine, the current measuring machine, the current measuring machine, the current measuring machine, the current measuring machine.

The following is a re-arranged paragraph type transcript: 300 by 600 600, which is one of our products. Then there is another one we can't announce now, because it hasn't been announced in the media. So we're now looking at what we're doing, and there are ten of our products to complete this year. So we can also see that I just said that the share of PCB revenue will fall year by year.

We are no longer the AOI of PCB, we are now including PCB and Packaging in two markets, a total of four different devices, we are working on that. That is a layout of our products, based on the layout of this product, we will find out that Mark Vision's current RD manpower is not enough. The manpower used by RD is probably about 150 people in the company, so we invested in Huayi last year.

I hope that after the end of this year, after the breakthrough of our human resources, we will follow a lot of products later. Then I report that these products have been carried out, after the introduction, our producers on top of our current factory in the science park, and now we can go outside, the rest have piled up things. So there is no way, our factory is almost full production, we are now in the three-fold state, the development of what we should do.

So in the process of this process, we have to constantly try production, their supply chain to sharpen the synthesis can meet our quality. So this mill has been sharpened for more than two years, honed for more than two years, so this year, now they are in March, April, and May, they have tried to produce our two, three models there. After June, we have some of the equipment on the PCB, which will probably be moved to Kunshan, the other side of Kunshan to go to production.

This is why we have a lot of advanced people think that all Taiwanese companies are going to go back to Taiwan. Because we have 60% of the PCB market is from China's contribution, so we have to set up factories in China. Then we set up factories in China, the cost of manufacturing the whole continent is about 15% to 20% less than Taiwan. So this is not to lose 20% of our China, because we are zero tariffs, we are completely out of tariffs, but this factory is really a secret.

If we are going to pay our taxes, we can produce in China, and we will not have 60% of our revenue at that time, which will immediately affect Mood's life and death. So we have to make a secret about the equipment we produce there. The third is in January 2026, and in January next year, we will have a second plant at the Hsinchu Science Park. The second plant comes out mainly for our four-wire measuring machines, the production of four-wire measuring machines, all of which will be done in this plant.

But doing Wafer AOI above, because it is unclassified, to have this clean class, then my factory is not fit, clean but not fit for its use. So here we are also last year, we will invest in Wah justified one of the main reasons, because Wah Yee is now here.

This clean plant is available now, next to it, next to it, there is another 2,000 pings horizontally, so we can expand at any time, so we have to do this because it can help us in Wafer, AOI product production, it can help us solve the problem of our production problem in time, in addition to this, so it is now Stand by Wafer, and we will move to Huayi to do this, and then Huayi to help us produce our own factory in Thailand, now we will be in April, but Thailand's factory is also stand by, but will not immediately be put into production in response to the changes in the relationship between the two sides, so we are in a comprehensive factory, we are in Thailand, we have to get all the whole factory, we have to get the tax exemption of nine years, so we are all of our design, whether we have the packaging, whether we have the equipment, or the equipment, we have the next year, we have the next year. Discussions raised.