As always, I would like to remind you that today's discussion may contain potential statements with significant risks and uncertainties that may result in significant differences in actual results from the results contained in the statement. Please refer to our second page on Safe Harbor.

First, we start with a review of the fourth quarter of 2024. The revenue for the fourth quarter of 2024 was $1.87 million, a decrease of 1% compared to the previous quarter, a decrease of 14% compared to the previous year. Gross profit reached $18.57 million, a decrease of 1% compared to the previous quarter, and a decrease of 11% compared to the previous year. Gross profit reached 15.4%, a decrease of 0.6 percentage points compared to the previous quarter. Net operating profit reached $75.50 million, a decrease of 10% compared to the previous quarter, a decrease of 21% compared to the previous quarter, a decrease of 21% compared to the previous year. Net operating profit decreased to 6.3%, largely due to a decrease in size and a whole increase in operating expenses.

Last year, the fourth quarter of the year to $7.5 million of outside industry income, mainly the contribution of interest and exchange income. Finally, the current net profit reached $6.27 billion, while the previous quarter to come with a 7-price yield, Turtle company yield reached $6.32 million, 21 million, a 5% decrease compared to the previous quarter, and a 5% decrease compared to the previous seven-year period. The last U.S. stock, the basic surplus EPS reached 2.81.

The gross profit margin reached 15.1%, an increase of 0.7 percentage points compared to the previous year. The net profit margin reached 30.38 million yuan, a decrease of 4% from the previous year, mainly due to an increase in operating expenses. The external part of the industry, the entire industry in the previous year reached 239 million yuan, mainly due to the contribution of interest and exchange income. The net profit for the current period reached 24.79 million yuan, an increase of 4% compared to the previous year.

It was at the end of last year, a successful digestion of an entire inventory of intellectual technology, to the only one hundred and thirty million million yuan, which is about 1.2 billion yuan in the previous quarter, and about one hundred million yuan in the previous year, all showed a healthy decline. That throughout the inventory revenue point, at the end of last year also showed a decline of 105 days, compared with the 101 days in the previous quarter, is also seen a full-scale healthy number of days a downward shift. The company does not have any long-term overall liability here, only about 1.2 billion short-term liabilities.

At the same time, on Wednesday, the Board of Directors of Ares Technology also announced the entire cash incentive, expected to issue a total cash incentive of 7 and a half, which was around 66%. Summary of last year's operation of Ares Technology, in a cost-control situation, the rate EPS per share reached a record high for the seventh year in a row. Well, the global economy is still very challenging, especially after Trump's second term, the use of tariffs will further exacerbate the uncertainty of the entire economy. However, this year's entire network industry will welcome the key stages of technological innovation and market efficiency, especially after Deep-Seek's launch, the whole third AI model computing will expand the Wi-Fi application of the edge and terminal high-speed transmission, and Ares technology will jointly develop a number of Wi-Fi projects with its customers, and will also see the full launch this year.

This year, although the overall environment, people are still very challenging, but we see the entire telecommunications operator of the customer, in the overall inventory, a so-called person is very healthy, at the same time, that is, the introduction of a new specification of a product, especially Wi-Fi 7 and 10GPo related products, plus the low-cost AI brings a edge transmission of a whole scene, we expect our three product lines to return to the entire Wi-Fi 7 upgrade cycle.

The second problem is that investors want to ask the company how to respond to the tariff issue Trump may bring, thank you. Well, for the entire tariff issue, of course, the main production area is Vietnam, but at the same time, in fact, we have a lot of some of our production records, now in the evaluation, at the same time, we have a full communication with our customers, and we will take the initiative to explain it to the crowd during maturity time. Well, thank you. The third problem is that investors want to ask about the company's future capacity planning, thank you.

The fourth issue I saw was that the client wanted to ask the investors what they expected this year's capital expenditure, thank you. We spent the entire capital expenditure this year.

It is expected that between NT$ 8 to 1.2 billion, which will be mainly used in three directions, one direction is an investment in our research and development equipment, then the first is an expansion of our intelligent production line AI, and the third is a collection of the entire collection from our headquarters in Hsinchu. That is because in fact, one of our company's accounts is a sufficient amount of cash, and every year there is a very good free cash flow, so the main source of the funds will come from our free working capital, and there is no need to do any cash increase or issue, or issue some ideas of the transmutable, thank you. The next question is investors want to ask the company's opinion on stock, thank you. 75 points into the global total of 500 enterprises, so to show one of our overall sustainability in a sphere of tertiaryism performance, there is a firm commitment, that in the short-term goal, we expect to reduce our carbon emissions by 50% by 2030, that long-term goal, we expect to net zero in 2050, that in our entire Vietnam a site, also a large number of the entire solar power system, then there is now about 15% of the electricity, a site in Vietnam is provided by one of our solar power, in terms of product design, we also comprehensively introduce the whole ecological design, contains a material of a decomposed plant, and also a raw material to eliminate the entire pollution environment, then we will require suppliers to cooperate with our company's overall ESG policy, enhance the whole supply chain awareness, so that the company can continue to a direction of sustainable development, good thank you.

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact the investor relations or our official website, our website is www. arcadian.com, arcadian is arcadyan. com, and we will see you in the next quarter.