** Paragraph type transcript (undeleted, unrewritten) **. Central public welfare area. This business. Special submission team. Yang Chouning. Yang Yuanming.

Jin Kun Hu Yanxiao. Li Shu-Yu Chen Wangdong. Guo Dongji.

First of all, we will enter the middle of the company's briefing. We ask both manufacturers. For this kind of public interest. Judging report. Field results.

5 And he said to them, "Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for five days and five nights, and be careful of all your covetousness.

That's what I'm going to focus on today. Give me three places to say. Open in the next April. So I'm going to focus on this time.

And it shall come to pass, [that] in the last three days, [that] we have sinned, and have borne the burden of another; and we have borne the burden of another, and have borne the burden of another, and have borne the burden of another.

It's the beginning of development. It's the middle of the road. Then, we're at the company. Another job. It's the beginning.

Other group construction. When the committee's main speech. Yes. Yes. I Cut it is not guaranteed.

Chalk OK. I'm above being targeted. at yellow. Go somewhere. Chicken watch This is me.

That. magical what. Yes. Half T-day. ih h 24 emo s one body. abi p hi.

room s hus boy be be y AU consumer electronics. We have used the website since 2014. It is most likely to consolidate us. Get this. Contact the product. It also enters the public market.

In 2017 we received the market. The market was probably. We were able to get in. Some of the car brands in Dongzhou. Some of the 721 are familiar.

There are a few car brands in the East, all of which we were at the time, using the main customers.

At the same time, we also got one. A relatively small Vietnamese factory. The development of the Vietnamese factory is relatively small. But with the interests of Sino-U.S. security. Tariff interests. Guests are also starting to develop.

We partnered in Southeast Asia. In 2019, we made use of a website. It is a metal stamping industry. It is the main market. It is all in the same network area.

The product is probably like a router. Wi-Fi machine these lines. At the time its market price was very low. The market value of Taiwan's online shopping is 100% the Taiwan online shopping market, so we are in this environment.

We also have a Genesis. Its product line. It is also the Internet market in the United States. It also began to develop the server at the time.

When the time comes, it is like a plane, but when we get one, we have a high-speed transmission in the United States.

High-speed cable equipment team. This was in 2022. Recently in Taiwan. We began to spread. The second plant.

This year we started to join. The second plant. Everyone expects. It's all about the body from the electrolyte and the high-speed line. Back in the future.

As you can see from this development path, it is now almost complete. The storage rate of the body is 60%. In the part of the sky bone.

About 60%. Public ballast market. Because it is very similar. Its task is to sell you. Group product line. So if your product it does not have.

I have only one role, one product, one piece, where is it?

Well, go, go, go, go, go, look back, it's almost 28%.

This is a house of worship, not a house of worship, but a house of worship.

We are here, we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here; we are here;

Divorced mainly in Shandong. But we will probably be early. Since 2015. 1719 2015 We will probably also. The whole area of the starting area. All from the Soviet Republic.

And he said unto them, Take, eat: this is my body, which is given for you; do this in remembrance of me, and in remembrance of me.

In the second half of 2005. All four venues will also be. Moved. Hong Kong area. This part. Mainly because.

The four of us are in the middle, the four of us are in the middle, the spiritual place, will be concentrated, we will move in the middle.

It's not easy, it's not easy, it's not easy, it's not easy, it's just an expectation with capital expenditure, that's for the benefit of others.

That's right, it's possible, it's the harbour, it's the harbour, it's the harbour, it's the harbour now.

The two of them are interrogated by one another, while the other is interrogated by one another.

We can also look at the situation in the East Harbor. That's part of Europe. It's probably first-class. The concept of possible sales comes from.

It's like a train ride in the United States, and it's like a train ride in the United States.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with user-provided transcription fragments and organize them into paragraph-provided transcriptions. First, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten or condensed, so the order and integrity of the original text must be maintained.

First of all, I will check through the provided verbatim to confirm each timestamp and the corresponding sentence. Then, I need to group these sentences according to logical and contextual relationships to form a coherent paragraph. For example, at the beginning, I mentioned the plan for California, and then the part about the truck and industry, which may need to be merged into a paragraph. Next is the discussion of revenue and proportionality, which may require separate paragraphs. It should be noted that some sentences may have an interval between timestamps, but the content may be continuous, such as "in the United States" and "in California with the California" may be the same topic. At the same time, some sentences may involve different topics such as "continuous chain system" and "human and connect system", which need to be handled separately.

In the process, I will make sure that the sequence of sentences within each paragraph is consistent with the original, and that nothing is missing. For example, the proportion of growth rates and different industries in 2024 needs to be maintained in the order of the original sentences, while reasonable segmentation is required. In addition, the timestamps and the digital parts (e.g. 22%, 18%, etc.) must be preserved accurately and error-free.

Make sure each paragraph is logical, timestamps and content correctly, and fully follow the user's requirements, without any deletions or alterations. </think>: Now in the United States, there are plans to do so. Must be a truck to give people, that part we'll look at again.

That is, in my opinion, about 22% of the current system, the whole of the 24 points should grow, so bad. Specifically, it should be 18% of the YOY, then it is probably a joint effort to support their growth. One piece is the continuous chain system, especially in the second half of last year, the energy of this piece of motor, has been growing. The main constant chain system we see, Asia and Europe have increased, and the other one is the human machine and the connection system.

In the West Coast, the electronic 3.8% in the last year, and the whole outside growth is about 3.6%, the external computer should be increased, it should be 18%. Sorry, look right, so this is about 18% growth. So I guess this is also an absolute investment, that is to say, from the protection equipment can be used to land and land weapons, about 18% of the time it is probably from the test and focus, so it is probably because in this part of the server and land weapons have always been done, the entire occupation will be increased in the 2019 and the founding period, then our main customers are more than the protection equipment, so this one of our occupation is 13% or 13%.

In the computer and the language industry, because of the overall growth of the whole of its occupation is about 1.4%, which last year there was about 1.5% growth, the main growth of its power is a large chunk of the increase in our product area, in 2014 we actually cooperate with the customer has been increasing the special product line, including some of the work of Shenning, it will take the flow of the DMA or some of the temporary interfaces of some of the high-altitude areas, that the use of our customers actually began to get not only because of not doing the main product, but now nearly two years we also joined the sales, that is the increase of the product area to implement the growth of the whole product area of the market.

So we now have this product, but if from the first half and the second half of the first half of the first half of the year has occupied 65 years of age, so in this 45-year-old production of the product is probably the most important part of the NCI's sales connection is currently shipping it is a voucher sale, but from the time we estimate that in the customer to start the voucher sale of the product on the plus or some announced that the GTI product industry is actually in the process of joining the production, in addition to our traditional is to use the goods.

It is also a requirement for sales, so now we can imagine that we have a 7% high-speed connection to a product face. From last year's point of view CI main to this year's year 2025, these products will also be part of its production sales activity. So we probably also expect that in the quarter of 2025 it will be lost to a normal trend in this product. So now you may be looking at this service, some of its usage is separated, compared to us, we are about to say five times the whole service. In the past we probably divided the service into high-level and middle-level service, which we define as the function of the high-level service, and we call it a high-level service.

The traditional floor service is divided into two definitions, so because each design is of the same value, so I will use HR to explain, you can not feel more. General floor service in the HR user's Validation10 to 15 pieces of a chain service, then if it is a high-level service, that HR usage is about 50 to 60 pieces. If it is a high-level service, that is, it refers to our output value on a service is probably also rising, then the macro view, in the way of support protection can be divided into several explanations. Because there are about fifty percent of the multi-board on a suite, which the board is the board is the board of the experience.

So now that we are next to the high-speed parallels, we probably have started shipping. What you might say is that there is never a small board in my own industry, we are talking about probably a plate of experience, and new iron board it is often going directly through NVB certification, that is, if it is next to the board, its authentication method is from Taiwan LIO factory certification, then sent to the new iron factory to certification, and then sent to these CST brand manufacturers certification. So its certification method is not the same, but I will say that in this service, we just have some of the actual NVB can see that our products are in the external transmission line, then the next task on NVB is the external transmission line, then the design of the transmission line we are going to the high-speed transmission line.

The last product line is the high-speed line in the interior area, red is the high-speed line in the interior area, which should be the slowest, which from last year's development to this case is still under development. So of course, we can recommend this year's middle customers in the United States, so now we should be more than a hundred times more than the whole transmission plan to talk about it or in the certification of development, and then today's goal is to hope that small hundred times can start to lose it, and that is our goal today's goal is to be the only thing we want to do in the second quarter of the year.

In the fourth quarter of last year we saw it really didn't come with ingredients, so the flying of this shipment was probably one of the ones we've had better shipping than our customers expect, so customers may have forgotten that we were shipping in the third quarter. So I probably summed up what we said in the fourth quarter of last year.

There are a few. Probably summarized. That is, if we look at the distorted view of the 23rd quarter of a quarter of a quarter of a quarter of a century. The East leaf market actually sees this momentum growing.

It was also growing in the 24th quarter of its single season. At that time, it was actually in the three quarters of the growth momentum. It was the main relationship because it was the trend of the product face. It was a high-brand economic risk. If you look at the business trend of the type of network equipment. In fact, it was the same as the fourth quarter.

Because the fourth quarter is traditional, but it's not the same as the last quarter. It's more power than the last quarter. In fact, the fourth quarter of the previous quarter. It's also normal to change to its season.

Well, let's share. We've been in the first half of 25 years. That's what we've been talking about throughout the entire industrial sector for 25 years. If we click on YY for the first half of that year, we can see the extent of the first half.

In the first half of the entire industrial industry. From the uninterruptible power system. The area here is large. So we can see. The growth force in the first half of the year.

In addition to his own growth. The first half of the year was a UPS. It seemed to be a relatively patient process. So it was probably a growth force. Probably from the third quarter of addiction. The host should also be seen as a normal narrative in the second quarter.

That's what it's all about. It's probably 2026. It should probably grow. It should grow in the first half of the year. Like right now, the main thing is to tell these business friends.

In the first half of the year, the second half of the year has grown, and in the first half of the year, we should be able to see the old family, and even have the opportunity to pay debts.

"This is the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, the month of Ramadan, and the month of Ramadan.

Comparable Feedable. Relatively patient. That's what I'm going to do. I'm also thinking a little bit about it. We're probably going to grow up to 10% in the first half of the year.

That would be if the company's point of view. That should be. The second quarter should be about growth. It should be about 10% higher than the first quarter. That's the performance of that section around the computer. The need for the whole experience.

It should be seen to be. The first quarter is also through the third quarter. Its growth momentum is relatively clear. That's it. I've seen a few new leads. I'd like to ask a question.

I also hope this is the fourth quarter of last year. It was the fourth quarter of last year. It was probably the first quarter of last year. It was the third quarter of last year. It was the fourth quarter of last year and the third quarter of the previous year.

That is, if the conservation rate. It is from 25.4 to 24.9. It is the condition of this conservation rate. In the first quarter of last year.

So the server's conservation itself. It's relatively high. So the server alone was in the fourth quarter of last year. It's probably the next generation. Our revenue growth.

There is probably an increase of 0.6%. But in absolute conservation rate decreases. Mainly our other factories. Includes movies like those. And there are car backups. It is at the bottom of the training.

It will rain for a while. So other plants. The conservation rate of sports facilities has decreased. But this last one. It still pulls it up by the server. 1. 6% of it lasts 24. 9%.

That cost itself is probably what we saw. We spent the first quarter of last year. It was probably $5.5 to 100 million. We probably added a little more.

The total cost of the controller. It's probably less than $150 billion. Here's what I'm going to say. That's the explanation for today. Thank you.