Welcome to the forum, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please

In the first quarter of 2024, according to statistics, our retail channels in North America ranked first in the world. In the international recognition, our products already have hundreds of millions of devices connected, in North America's UPS, retail channel market, now in Q1 of 2024, we are ranked first in Japan; in Japan's UPS, retail channel market, we are top3. CRN magazine in the United States, from 2023 to 2024, has given us a number of awards, including professional spirit, product innovation and joint growth.

Let's take a look at the relevant financial performance. Let's take a look at the consolidated balance sheet at the end of December 2024, and the cash level at the end of the year is about 4.5 billion, the total assets are about 15.7 billion, and the accumulated equity of the shareholders is about 95.600 million. The cash level is about 42% higher than the previous year, compared to the previous year in 2023, and the equity of the shareholders is about 31% higher than the 2023 YY.

So, the gross profit margin YY grew by 7%, the net profit margin grew by 26%, and the net interest rate grew by 51%. So, in 2024, our EPS was 24.75%. In fact, we put a total of 12 quarters in the year, which is a trend towards revenue, gross profit, cost and profit, so let's take a look at one of our gross profit and profit.

We look at our operations and look at our outlook. The parts we operate on are different from our products. In 2024, the other parts of our products account for 68% of the distribution channels, the original commissioned design OEMs are 9%, 20% of the retail channels and 3% of the telecommunications channels.

We can look to the right in 2023, in the data center power management part of the UPS and call center, we have a slight growth, the proportion is expanding. Let's take a look at the growth momentum of our revenue.

[paragraph type transcription]:. growth kinetic energy. right. that is to look at the electronic power supply. the electronic power supply. the electronic power supply. the electronic power supply.

It's the power supply system and data center power management. These two will be one of the main driving forces for our growth. That's more of my presentation today.