Welcome to the online judiciary of Jiayi Health Co., Ltd. To introduce you to today's general manager and chief financial officer of Jiayi Health Co., Ltd., then we are officially starting today's judiciary, and welcome today's presenter Mr. Zhou to become chief financial officer of Jiayi Health Co., Ltd. Thank you.

In 2024, our combined revenue is about 850 million, the source of the revenue can be added according to the addition of the words hemodialysis and the 91st medical logistics, and that the part of the growing drug is a small decrease, and the other part is also increased sales in Southeast Asia, so the other part of this part is also increased, so the whole year we have increased a total of 300 million yuan, so the combined revenue is a combination of sales and sales experience with the other part of the sales rate is about 50,000 million yuan.

That APH is mainly the part of the operating terminal of the hospital, the part of the price fell, and the branch of the department has been affected, so this part of the income is reduced, the other part is the increase. Therefore, from the parent company's owner's denominated rate is 77,700 million, compared to the same period last year, the EPS is about 25 million, the EPS is about 4.5 million, and the year is about 42,72. The balance sheet can be seen to be the same as the financial statements of 2020, the total assets of the total assets is 2,300 billion, compared to the last year, about 1.8 billion, the cash is about 2 billion, the main part of the cash is the amount of the cash received from the authority, so there is an increase, the relative support part is about 2 billion.

The investment activity was reduced by about $65 million, mainly because of the increase in acquisition of investment real estate, so the cash flow will be significantly reduced compared to last year. The investment activity was net cash flow is 95.5 million, so we also paid back more than 200 million in borrowing, so this year's final cash flow was to increase the borrowing, this year is to reduce the borrowing, and cash flow is 95 billion. The combined cash flow is about 44 billion.24 billion. According to the report, we have already made it in 2023, and that 2024 years is of course expected to be made by the end of the year.

The following is a re-arranged paragraph type transcript:. We introduce the intelligent energy-saving part of the cooling tower in the building. We are a company that replaces the level of electricity in 113 years. We will promote the situation of the elevator and then want to apply energy-saving and carbon reduction measures.

Let's continue to reduce the burden on the environment by optimizing the operating system of ERP. That's the part of the society, for 112 years. We go to Taipei manufacturing and manufacturers to host events, 113 years. We are based on neutral ministries to organize a recreational activity for the elderly.

We will continue to organize blood donation activities in the office area, as well as the medical owner's association. We will provide a good medical resource. We will hold additional activities every year, emphasize the importance of paying attention to the staff, and promote the establishment of the team's neighboring rate and culture.

We have also obtained ISO27001 certification for information security management. In the past 12 years, we have been ranked among the top in the 10th Corporate Governance Evaluation. That is, 218% to 358%. That is, we have demonstrated the status of corporate governance.

So we have been working on a part of our core competency for more than a decade. It is an area of expertise for integrating healthcare with COVID-19 and the new model. It continues to grow in the Asian market. The current range is Taipei, Taiwan, Philippines, Malaysia. And through long-term cooperation with our partners, we have become one of the most valuable integrated medical health demonstrations in Asia.

So let's take a look at all the comrades advanced, and there are no questions to ask. Here we go again. Thank you for sharing with the Chief Financial Officer. Then open the Q&A time. Please also ask the comrades to ask questions in a text message. You will be asked by clicking the chat feature in the menu at the bottom right of the screen.

Then we will ask the Chief Financial Officer to click here to reply to the question. Thank you. This dialysis consumable is about 15% of the total group revenue, 85% of the total group revenue is about 10%. Then in the case of the dialysis, we will probably be about 40%.

Then doC is the one who will compete, against veterans, and because of you I want to repeat a few times. Nature can actually practice learning on mature mathematics Sage, as well as playing experience to help students plan is actually an example of that.