Below is a transcript of the rescheduled paragraph type: Thank you all. Thank you for your participation. This is our country. The first meeting in the first half of 2025. Just waiting for you to see our 35th anniversary video.

Since 1990, we have been in the middle of a trade-to-free brand. There is also a stage where we have changed our name to WLL. Then it's time to turn around and share what we've been through. So today's law will remind you of two things before it's officially started. It's like a 20-minute presentation.

We will have our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Chen Shih, and Mr. Cheng, as well as our co-ordinator for this report. In this part of the process, please turn off your microphone and turn it off. Then, after 20 minutes of briefing, you will be able to make a QA for your legal friends.

So the above two points bother you again. Then let's start by switching to a formal slide to start today's legal person's briefing. Thank you. Question. OK. We're now recording.

Let's get started, and we'll get back to you for the first time this year.

First of all, thank you all. There are quite a few more moments to take part in this campaign. So I'll wait for my briefing soon. So if there are any questions we'll talk again. Then I'll start by explaining the performance of one of our operations for the year 2024. Our consolidated revenue last year was 23.8.6 billion yuan.

The second part of the market is due to the influence of inflation, so that the entire other medical-related expenditures in the medical-related medical industry it is constrained. Then there is no denying that in the competition side will also become more intense because the overall situation of the fund in this two-year continent is less so that the mainland market is very active in overseas small-price competition.

I think this will also have some impact on our current operations. So this is probably a major impact on our current operations. So the gross profit margin portion was 45% last year. That's higher than 43% in the same period. The main reason is probably not that, for example, we had some loss of inventory at that time in 2023.

So the overall exchange rate is better. So we also have a higher sales volume in high unit prices. So the overall gross profit margin is better. So the total amount of the last year in the portion of the operating fee is $9.43 billion. So it's almost almost 950,000 compared to 2023. So the net profit for the whole portion before tax is $1.47 billion.

Compared to the same period last year, it was about 62 million. Then, of course, the key reason is that revenue goes down. The net profit belongs to the parent company part is $1.5 billion. Then EPS is $1.4 billion. So this is the result of a business operation last year. Then we see the entire balance sheet part.

So the total asset part is 31.3 billion yuan. So, in the same period last year compared to the same period last year, it is a decrease of 869 million. So, it is likely that the change in revenue will come from revenue accounts. So this part of revenue accounts is about 100 million.

So the rest of us probably don't have much of a change. So I'll add that. So with a structure we had last year, the average revenue-to-receiving variable would probably fall between 60 and 70. So we've heard that the weekly turnover of inventory would probably fall between 130 and 140. So we're probably still in a relatively healthy state. Then we look at the total debt.

So last year's word was $7.14 billion. So the year-over-year comparison was $100,6900. Then the most likely long-term and short-term liabilities were all reduced. So the active debt portion was $1.4 billion. So there was a reduction in the short-term debt, and there was another one-off income tax. So there was a reduction in just a lot of current liabilities.

The difference in the proportion of non-current liabilities is that there are about 33 million in other current liabilities. So the most important thing is that we have paid last year for one last settlement of a subsidiary of Germany. So this is the main reason for the decline in other non-current liabilities. So the overall ratio of our liabilities fell by almost 23% at the end of last year. So the overall financial structure should be considered healthy. So the net value of the net value at the end of the year is 24,2 billion yuan.

So the net worth of the same period increased by about 8,278 million. Then, in addition to the increase in bowling earnings, about 37 million, the other portion of the total loss of other interests decreased from .5.2 billion to .07 billion. That is to say, the portion of the profit increased by 4491 million. So this part mainly comes from the exchange rate of NT dollars, as the whole foreign currency, including the US dollar, just mentioned.

The net worth of our current equity at the end of last year was about 24.2 cents. Well, that's the part of the report. So we saw that the revenue department looked at the hundred divisions as a whole, or that our accounts were the largest. Then there was probably not much change compared to the previous year. Then Europe accounted for about 66%.

So the whole toothpaste and the fresh market accounted for about 19%. Then, one of our other subsidiaries, Xingchu county, accounted for about 8%. So overall, there was not much change to the previous year's 2023. So, for the revenue of the product, our entire core product range of PRC accounted for about 69%. So, it is also close to the previous year.

One is the gas plant-related PA45%. Then this is a decrease compared to the same period. Then it decreases by around 3%. Then it looks like some competition just mentioned overseas. So we're in this gas plant last year's revenue down slightly. So that's why it's down from 18% to 45%.

The other aspect of the IPC is the sale of this machine for the treatment of lymphedema. Then its proportion is increased. That is from 6% to 8%. Then the portion of the action corrosion is 15%. Then there is probably no difference from the period.

In addition, the proportion of a related product in respiratory therapy is about 21%, which is about 1% less than the same period. That is, in our current operating policy, we will gradually focus on the whole operation, from the RT class products to the PRC products to expand, so the RT factors, we should all be gradually reduced in the future. The proportion of products sold by our products should be about 8% less than the future.

This is the first time that we are going to do this, this is the first time that we are going to do this, this is the first time we are going to do this, this is the first time we are going to do this, this is the last time we will do this, this is the last time we will do this, this is the last time we will do this, this is the last time we will do this, this is the next time we will do this, this is the next time we will do this, this is the next time we will do this, this is the next time we will do this, this is the next time we will do this, this is the next time we will be the next time we will do this, this is the next time we will be the next time we will do this, this is the next time we will be the next time we will be the next time we will be the next time we will do this, we will be the next time we will be the next time we will be the next, we will be the next time we will be the next show, we will be the next show, we will be the next, we will be the next, we will be the next time we will be the next, we will be the next, we will be the next, this is the next, we will be the next product, we will be the next, we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next product, we will be the next, we will be the next we will be the next, we will be the next, we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next, we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next product, we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next product, we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be the next we will be

But of course, it will also have a negative impact, as we just said, last year's sales declined, because China manufacturers now, because of tariff problems, he has no way to go to China, every state to compete, which means that he will be more aggressive in Europe, Asia, so there must be a negative, how do we see how to manage this piece.

But in the United States, we have just reported that in fact, in our overall, the proportion of revenue is not high, about 4%, so the first negative effect should be limited, and the second is that if this situation of tariff development is now, it may not have the opportunity, we can turn it into a transfer. Just what he wants to add, he wants to ask, the United States the whole market, how much from China, but this is a comparison of the whole market, I feel there is no way to answer this question, because the information is not clear, because it is only a small part of the industry in the air carrier, it is only about the whole, women's women, so there is no way to say that, in the United States, how much from Taiwan, how much from the mainland, the information is not.

If we do not have an equal relationship, if we do not have an equal tariff, then if we do not have an equal tariff, then if we do not have an equal tariff 32%, then we will still have 32% after three months, if this matter is not resolved, then Taiwan will still have 32%. If the end goal is to pull back the entire Trump tariff war, then what is the purpose he wants to achieve. If the end goal is to pull back the entire Trump tariff war, then it is not necessarily profitable, because including the U.S. customers will also see whether to localize the supply chain, because everyone will face this uncertainty, so this will not, we expect to have the opportunity, but must look at the whole environment.

That basically if I don't understand the wrong thing, medical equipment assumes that in Canada or Mexico at the moment should not be in that 25% of the van, but customer base tax 10%, then you are 20 percent less than with him. So that we are equally disadvantaged, so it must depend on how the 32% of Taiwan's equivalent tariffs will be done in the end. But he wants to add that even in Taiwan, even if the status of the 30 percent of the tariffs on the same is likely to be more or less than the producers of China's 100 percent or more advantageous.

This is a simple way to say, let's say that you sold the last year's revenue of 2.4 billion, and that you sold 10% of the U.S. today, representing 2.4 billion, and the combined revenue of 2.4 billion. That with our average N2N blind interest rate, perhaps 50% of the money you have can't run, that is probably about 1.2 billion. If today you assume that all these are converted to Taiwan production, but now the cost is probably about 1.200 million, but you and the 30% of the tariff you have to pay is not reduced, that is, it is a cost of more than 30 million a year. So it is probably a concept number like this, let's say that the 32% are really happy, and then we can't get married to the consumer, and that's probably the rate should be very low, because it's probably not be ciable for ciable.
