Hello all KGI's customers. We are very pleased to welcome you to the KGI First Quarter Investment Forum. We are pleased to welcome you to our meeting here. Today's presenter is Mr. Wong Kwan-cheung, Financial Director and Vice President of Chen Yuxuan.

Thank you for joining KGI CREM here today for an investment forum. Today we are not delaying our direct access to the topic. By presenting, I am the founding of Huashuo. The stock of Ned Holdings was 24912. If you see what we see on the map, we are the main focus of the two industries, namely in the field of automobiles and in the field of server.

The two fields are basically one of the entire products, and one of the other revenues is about 90%. Since Ned was founded in 2003, we started production and sales of precision metal molds from an important industry bureau, and then one of the exports of each product. So we went back to the cabinet from 11 years, then 15 years in the cabinet, and then to the present day.

Next is the advanced cooling solution ATS, as well as the assembly and integration department. One of the basic applications of this product is that it focuses on the three areas of automotive components and then electronic components, as well as connected fitness equipment. Well, it is true that everyone can see that Ned, of course, starts from both sides. One of our main factories in China, Kunshan and Taoyuan in Taipei.

This year, the promotion was also extended to Mexico's Querétaro, and this year's new one is in Thailand's southeast Asia here in the spring of Wuri, where the above is a layout of the car. Then you can see the layout of the electronic components, including Kunshan, Taiwan's Taoyuan, and the new location is in Malaysia's milk to come here, Nilai city. Well, then we have a plan of such a layout for the current needs of one of the major markets, and the overall situation.

That is, until the fourth quarter, because we just passed it on March 4th, so we have a financial report. That's where we started to explain the performance of this single season. That can see that a sales revenue in Q4 is actually NT$1.3.2 billion, and that this figure is basically about the same as Q3. The gross profit part of the business gross profit, you can see that the gross profit in the single season is 23%, slightly lower than the Q3 part. This is mainly a change in the product portfolio, which will share more information in the next slide, so we will also add to the explanation.

In fact, we all know that we have some recognition in the fourth quarter, the so-called one-time loss, let us dispose of some non-core investment, that is, the political and jiangsu co-creation part and the key core part. That is, if we look at the whole year, the impact of this place is almost a part of NT$60 million, that is, about NT$0.9% of the impact of NTEPS, here is a single season part. Then, in fact, in the year, the annual revenue in 2024 is NT$57.99 billion, which is a growth of 24.3% from the year 2023. The hair rate of that year also grew by 1.9%.

That's the whole industry rate of 6.9%, which is 1.3% higher than the previous year. That's the only thing I've added to, is that some non-core investments have some impact on the recognition in 2024. If you come back here, it's likely that the spread rate will be around 8%.