Dear investors, welcome to attend the online law of Union Germany Holding, which is operated by Yuanta Securities Bureau. I am Roger of Yuanta Securities Investment Banking.

First of all, I would like to introduce you to the management team of Unitech Holdings today. Dear brothers and sisters, good afternoon. Second, our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Huang, and all investors, good afternoon. Today's bill outlines the process of the meeting will be presented by the Chief Financial Officer to the company's latest field overview and outlook.

Roger will send you all the questions, and then the management team will reply. Next, we will pass the time to the Finance Director of United Holdings, Huang, the Finance Director of United Holdings, and thank you for joining us today, a meeting of United Holdings in the first quarter of 114. We will start a financial-level operation report today.

In 2003, we started to expand our business from this precision metal mold to manufacturing and sales. We have also developed a number of different aspects of our products, including in the automotive and precision stamping divisions APS, advanced thermal solutions KTS, and assembly and integration of our ANI, the three divisions, one of the main products we are currently developing, mainly in this automotive component, and then electronic components, and one of the three areas of the application of connected fitness equipment.

We also have an office in Saint Jose in the United States to do a major black house office that we communicate with a terminal customer in the United States. This is one of the current substitutions of our entire group. Next is a report on a financial aspect of the first quarter, with revenue reaching NT$1.2.8 billion, which is said to be a 0.3% reduction in Q4 for me.

This is mainly due to a cost that some of the new factories in Mexico, Thailand, and Malaysia are still in the construction stage. As for the external part of the industry did not increase about 2.5 million, there is a present part of the benefit from the exchange. The net profit I summarized above this year is a net profit belonging to the owner of the parent company is NT$7056, so EPS is 1.13 billion. So for you to participate, but compared to the same period last year, most of the present is from revenue from 11.2 billion yuan to the first quarter of this year, which in the button line also increased from NT$0.85 to 1.3 billion, which is a significant change in the total amount of the amount of the total amount of money and the total amount of the total amount of money we are in lined to reflect some of this year.

This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. Using cookies should enable the user to use certain functions, share on social networks and edit messages and advertisements. By clicking on the “OK” button, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. For additional information, please see our Privacy Policy.