Below is a re-arranged paragraph-by-phrase transcript: Please feel free to subscribe to the Forward Playbacks and Dots section. With the Dots section, each investment is new. Below is a description of the financial reporting highlights for the first quarter and speeches about the upcoming operation of this year.

In the past, there was no major adjustment to the structure of our entire operating investment. It was only in response to this year's China-US trade. We actually had a more active layout in our production base from last year. It included an adjustment to the management of PTSCI from last year. We also prepared to strengthen our entire overseas production base by a political case in Indonesia at the end of April this year.

In addition to the current layout, it may also be a situation to look at the expansion of some of our market channels. In addition, it is to maintain a considerable investment in the catering business and other businesses. The inclusion of a gold-mined coffee, a raw bean, then a real-name brand in Taiwan chain, continues to invest in a real estate management in Japan.

This is mainly due to the fact that the market still has a certain degree of favor for a company's product. Just to say that one of these compositions still has a form of uncertainty that American customers have influencing a Trump tariff. So there are still some transfers. This is because it is moving to our Indonesian natural base.

Our labor and business benefits are high in transit. Our labor and business benefits are high in transit. So our business benefits are high in transit. This part of course also includes a part of the autonomy of the part we continue to invest in.

The fixed expenses of this section also have a certain degree of profit impact on us in a short period of time. As for the trading of some financial units outside the industry, the trading of this section is actually focused on financial products with a foreign exchange rate concern and a corresponding profit trading of fixed interest rates.

In other words, the large-scale loss of the entire transfer from last year has also given us a certain interest income. Overall, in this case, a US stock surplus EPS in the first quarter is expected to be around 0.42 for the same period of decline. This is because it is mentioned earlier that fees and costs have some self-axis stations. This part we will continue to strengthen to adjust it.

In addition, I think this part of the consolidated balance sheet is really not good. Overall, there is a positive growth in cash. Of course, we also have a positive growth in cash. Our forecasts are reduced by more or less some of the adjustments on the conditions on the collection. However, in general, one of our top ten clients, including Europe and the United States, etc., is still normal.

That is to say, in response to the uncertainty of the future, it is still a question of US-China trade. On the other hand, in the current situation of US-China trade, our announcement in April has certainly been affected by low-latency shipments.

There is also a change in the amount of the current liabilities. So we also have control over the imports. Another variable is that we actually have a portion of our Shanghai properties in the same period last year, when we had a portion of our Shanghai properties about three years ago, the income tax amount of a movable money that we made in about three years ago was lowered after we made a compliance payment under a government law last year.

In addition, the South American market is also actively expanding. In addition to the overseas markets we have just mentioned, we are also continuing to expand with a free brand. There is also a domestic market in Taiwan where the domestic brand in Taiwan is also expanding through an affiliate channel.

So we urgently passed a proposal that we would have to raise capital in Indonesia about a month earlier. In this case, the current capacity of the Indonesian factory here will continue to increase. Last week, a negotiation of China-US trade had a relatively slow state. Currently, in addition to Indonesia here will actively ship outside the market, the current situation of customers here is also continuing to flow. We will grasp a shipping agreement with customers as much as possible to maintain our second quarter or even the second half of a traditional peak season, at least said a stable or even upward state.

We have already had some expansion in this part of the technology research and development. Therefore, in March of this year at Canton Fair, we also put forward corresponding products at a show in Guangzhou. There are also corresponding orders to come in. This part can be followed by our contact with Nanchang Kun's official website or Zhang Ruchang Kun's side with the relative merchant mouth. Maybe this part will become a basis for our second half of the exhibition.

In addition, we are also actively working with our supply chain to do a mutual cooperation and hope that we can buy our products and purchase the unit price can be optimized again. Then create a bilateral profit. So there is the aforementioned self-governance of the forestry plant.

It is also an important part of our diversification process and productivity improvement. It is simply to say that this part is in line with the current transformation of Zhang Ru production base, as well as an improvement of the Indonesian factory, or a transition period, so we have to control the costs, so as to improve the operating rate of our own production system.

Do you need to ask questions about the advanced investment? Do you need to ask questions about the advanced investment? Yuanta Securities and Sunstar.com appreciate the advanced investment participation, and welcome you to contact the management team of Sunstar.com after the meeting.