<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the user's request and organize the provided transcription fragments into paragraph-based transcriptions. First, I need to read the raw data of the user carefully to ensure that I understand the contents corresponding to each point in time. The user emphasizes that no word can be deleted, rewritten or condensed, so it must be arranged strictly in the original order.

First of all, I will check the sentences corresponding to each timestamp to see if there is a typo or timestamp error. For example, note that there is no content between [36. 76-46.76] and it may be an omission, but the original text of the user does not have this part, so it may not need to be processed. Next, I need to arrange each timestamp sentence in order and merge into a natural paragraph while keeping the original intention intact.

In addition, it is very important that the user mentions "not to delete any words", so it is important to check every sentence to make sure that all the contents are included. For example, there are some duplicate or spoken expressions in the original, such as "thank you" and "hello everyone", and it is necessary to keep the original without any modification. During the processing process, it is also important to pay attention to the format of the timestamp to ensure that each paragraph is accurate. For example, some timestamps may cross multiple sentences and need to be properly assigned to the corresponding paragraphs.

In addition, there is a large interval between the original material provided by the user, such as [36. 76-46. 76], but the original material provided by the user does not have this part of the content, may need to confirm whether the omission, but according to the user's data, should be processed according to the existing content. Finally, I will read the whole finishing paragraph type-crossing text to ensure smoothness and accuracy, while meeting all the requirements of the user. If there is uncertainty, it may be necessary to further confirm, but according to the information provided by the user, should be strictly followed the instructions.

First of all, Vice Chairman Wu Zhiming, thank you all, and General Manager Tseng Zhihong, everyone, and Chief Financial Officer Chiu Yan-Jung. Next, we will pass the time to the same desk. [36. 76-46. 76] (This section has nothing to do with content), so we will officially start.

First of all, I would like to thank you for the invitation of the original big government, and also thank you for taking the people forward, bringing the advanced colleagues, the advanced and the participation of the media.

In the past year, we have been focusing on three main areas of operation: smart sensing, vehicle light and new display. The new market is based on the impact of China's real estate, so it is also more intense in the industry, so we later focus more on this field, and then move the corresponding resources to the car light source. So from the change in our business strategy in 2023, we focus on the two operating markets, one is the smart sensing, which contains some traditional 3Cs, and then security monitoring these types of things, we have classified it in our company, we put it in this range, including some laptop products, including some electrical products in this range.

It is clear that the two markets are also based on the company's professional ability, and we are optimistic about the future growth of the two markets. So, it is clear that we are focused on these two areas for two consecutive years. Below this curve chart you can see that our gross profit period is probably between 40 and 50. If you just look at this picture you may not imagine that this is the LED style industry, of course, we are not positioning ourselves in the LED industry, we will say that we are optoelectronics semiconductors, because we do something other than light, because we have some problems with IC control, so we solve these two things together to make a relatively high-end application that has a special differentiation.

So, of course, our gross profit margins are going up and down every quarter, but from 22 to 23 years, our gross profit margins have grown by an average of 2.29 percentage points throughout the year. While 23 to 24 years is a relatively competitive year, and if the environment is relatively poor, our gross profit margins are still able to maintain a slight slight increase. So, while our gross profit margins are not particularly large, because of the protection of such a high gross profit, we are able to maintain a relatively stable profit. This is a relatively simple profit statement of the company in recent three years.

This is also a bit lower than the previous year. However, since 20 years benefited from the exchange rate difference between our interest income and foreign exchange, it was said that the outside income had a relatively large growth, and at the end, our EPS fell to 2.46. The share capital of EPS in this three-year period is the same, although you know that we have issued a CB in the last three years, its conversion has not been shown in this report, and it is likely that it will fall to the first level of conversion effect.

The balance sheet of the company's assets, our net value per share or continuous growth, this we also helped the industry to do some understanding, probably this growth should be the industry is better in the industry. Our debt ratio is better than the quarter-quarter quarter, we have CB because we raised it in September, then the money is probably not used up all the time, so in the case of asset and debt synchronisation, our debt ratio is still controlled around 28. In addition, our shareholders' equity compensation is probably more than 9. 1, the three indicators compared with the peers, we are still a performance of the front-end class. Well, in the company's cash part, we are the whole merger is close to 9. 1%, to the end of the 1.2 billion, of course, this relatively large growth is a progress of CB.

In the past five years, the EPS and dividend distribution of the company, you can see that in 2021 is the best, probably our cash dividend is 3 pieces. The company has a non-written rule in the last few years, that is, we are basically at least half of the EPS, half of the profit of the year. So this year, under the performance of the EPS, the current board of directors' resolution is half a piece, the distribution rate is 61. This will, of course, be because in the next two quarters, if there are some CB changes, it will cause a change in this distribution rate, so it may not be a whole time.

Our shareholders' meeting will be held on May 28, a final decision to do this number. This chart is a change in our situation in the quarter, and the stock market in the first half is the dividend distribution ratio, which is a change in the entire EPS.

The following is a re-arranged paragraph verbatim transcript:. With the support of some of our existing clients, we are able to maintain a more stable profit situation. Well, that's the part of our financial training.

Then I asked our general manager to always follow you to report the operation status and the future outlook. Well, you guys, the investment advanced, and the media, all of you. Well, just like a statement from the Chief Financial Officer's last year's revenue, we brought you back here again. Our entire revenue ratio of PyChart, the company's revenue is summarized into two main parts: the rest.

We have done a summary here, and in fact, we have basically maintained our revenue growth in the last three quarters of the year, profit growth. The fourth quarter is really limited by the impact of our two big customers, especially in the car. I said that in 2024, we can see their financial performance, one of their revenues.

In summary, the PC growth rate for the whole year is probably less than 4%. We actually have this revenue in the first quarter, and it is very light, so it actually affects our revenue in the next three months. Of course, we look at this year, in fact, in the same PC industry, this research report tells us that it may be better than it was last year, probably around 5%. We also report to you, so far in March, our first quarter of the customer, this shipment is expected to be now, that the number of orders, in fact, has reached about 3 to 4% growth compared to last year YY.

The second is the car, the part of the car. Last year, we knew that the Chinese mainland had new power in the construction of the vehicle, because of this cost problem, so they themselves rolled these brands in China, so many brands have disappeared. Of course, our customers and the missing brands are not related, mainly in fact, they have these inventory and these requirements are average.

But in order to save costs, there are some designs to go back to the original not IC's RGB LED. This will let us see a phenomenon, and I also to report that we're in the car application of this atmosphere light, last year we actually in this shipment quantity, which actually accounted for about 15% of our total shipment. Then the other 85% is the intelligent sensing application of this hosting test, that is, other LEDs are not IC class. In fact, we're in the quantity of shipping, the number of ILEDs actually does not decrease, it should say that the atmosphere light application has not declined, the number has not declined.

About 6%. So this is because the customer made a choice from some functional options in this cost consideration, so it became more conservative on the choice of ICLED.

At the same time, the current car market in mainland China is still relatively flat so far, so we are still working on the first quarter of this piece of the one at this stage, in fact, is still watching a recovery in the Chinese car market. That is what I want to summarize last year two of our company's revenue performance. Of course, we finished last year with you to report our outlook, and we can see that in this short-term future, last year we said that we also mentioned that we are on high-end products, this part of the product is basically the performance is to reach one of our current T21 customers and there is a consideration of meeting their needs in this piece.

In addition, we have also been recognized by the T21 customers in mainland China, including mainland China, as well as some of the other Korean-style European manufacturers. This is the same piece used in the car's atmosphere light, and some of the ones that used the car's charging piles. Because the charging pile is in order to display the charging condition, it is also something that requires these color changes. We say that this EVO product is the highest price we have now, and it is a SPA LED with the highest system specifications. This piece has been approved by the customer since its launch last year.

Another thing we have to look forward to is the HUD title display on the car, which we launched last year our new generation of high-end HUD backlighting products, a light source product. From promotion to now, we have received their order in the design of the customer's recognition. So we are now in Q2 now, and it should be said that after the beginning of the next month, we will have a million K is the number of KK levels every month.

In the consumer market, we can see that smart wear is actually a product that we have also launched, which we have a sensor tracker on which the OTS called the sensor tracker. It is actually a application on some button knobs like smart wear. This is actually a product that we have accumulated more than a million products from research and development last year to marketing, and now the deep blue line is still on the move. This is a relatively new breakthrough.

This year's Q1 has grown significantly by more than 50,000K50% compared to last year, which means that our RGB or Smart LEDs have been leading the way in other noise cancelling products to give customers more acceptance. This is what we expect this year will be a great opportunity for us to grow.

We started with the originals we are good at right now, just like the Chief Financial Officer at the beginning told us why we are optoelectronic semiconductor companies, because we also promoted these software and hardware integration technologies to the top of the entire architecture. I would like to report to you that the atmosphere light was actually a LED, and the LED received instructions, so that the atmosphere was able to produce in the cockpit.

That said, we are extending the power of LEDs to drive these drive chips, or a system chip development capability. Through this process, we and the TL1 or these manufacturers are able to launch such a solution that is more in line with their expectations and is more optimized in performance and structure. So in the smart cabin, this is what we are talking about to upgrade this application, so that our value can provide more to our customers.

This is also one of the reasons why we are now actively promoting these atmospheric lights in the Indian automotive market, because in India, their cars are basically in the same way as the design of these European and Korean cars for many years, but this is our opportunity. In the previous success experience, we will go with the cloud. And the one on the right is a breakthrough in the new field of consumer intelligence market, as we say now we all know that in the esports market we will use these things, at the same time we also introduced our ILED to these gaming machines, and we all know that some of the equipment of the SatMachines that are used to block dust. And there is a device like these Pachinko in Japan, so it will use a lot of such equipment with visual vision.

We are talking about the robot industry, because now in the AI generation, the robot actually uses a lot of Sensors, we can report from the past newspapers, in the example, Apple and Carnegie Americanon University did that AMO, the robot development architecture, a robot took more than 40 TOF, and that TOF has been the original part of our company has been working in the robot industry for a long time. Of course, we also hope that in this part of our product can be able to enter the robot industry.