We are pleased to invite you to join our corporate briefing session today. The briefing session will be uploaded to the public information observation station after the meeting, and you will be asked to download it for reference. We will then pass the time to the operating team today. Thank you.

First of all, I would like to thank you for investing in advanced age today, and then I would like to introduce you to this briefing. Today's main directory has an overview of the company, the operation performance, the combination of the product and the market trend, the third point is growth strategy and the future outlook. First of all, I would like to make this slide a little more concise, let everyone know what our company's main focus is. The company's profile is no more analysis, of course, we should also emphasize our core and technical position, because we are from the whole professional Porsche manufacture, from the previous Linux to the past years, of course, we all the Android transformation, and now we have a certain strength on Android.

This part I want everyone to say, from the basic Porsche body to the Porsche software, the front-end software to the Porsche cloud fly, which is the main goal of our company as a whole four directions of the product. Received feeder, and then reached the long-term product of the Ruby Agrose bureaucrat, is close to the idelr ыде Versnom, these truths, development verdad, buy small electricity, install now, of course, nothing is just a problem. After we visited the company as a whole, its message is also dezegres, this part I will give you a few explanations in the detail book later.

In fact, this part of our entire company in the direction of operation, we split it into three to make it clear that we have an upgrade to give us a stable part, to give us the future of dispersion. The promotion is, of course, the sales of our products than above, from simple hardware equipment services to now we gradually go to the cloud and value services to do some improvement. I think that this is the steady statement we have been working hard all the time, from the earliest shortage of supply chain support, we really set up a number of companies in the global layout, there is a relatively large key is the entire ERP management system, this part of which we have to go far, we have to make some basic investment.

We have also been doing this, not only from us, from the third world countries to the present to the United States and the United States have market status, to the next we will continue to go deeper with us in the US and Europe, with the layout of emerging markets. This is a figure of the total revenue of the last year 2024, I think the first is just talking, that is, it is a little sorry that we have a small 3% of our revenue compared to 23 years ago, so of course, the two main reasons from the first half of the year is to be the inflammation of the stock district effect, to the second half of the payment industry compared to some acquirers have made a relatively large organizational energy, so this part is slightly affect our product certification and export.

So in the last year, compared to the previous year, of course, our final settlement is the same, we are at the month of June 6.35, so if we have more details about the software development, we have to wait for Q&A when we can do a more detailed explanation. Next is the product portfolio, I think that from the beginning of our Hongbao from the end to the present, 30 years to the present, the biggest spindle or R&D power payment, the payment connection is actually very much focused on the accumulation of experience technology, then we are also in this base, from simple hardware manufacturing, the hardware is based on PCI financial certification and EMB financial certification, and then gradually we switch to the present, from Lexus Terminal to the current trend is the Android Terminal, even the future of SoftPost, this segment of our solution is ready, we are still a powerful service.

The second point is that we are still looking at this part, but the revenue group is ready, that is, the 2 3G exit 4 5G will go to 5G, which we will observe, which is followed by the global trend. The third point is that this is the same thing for every company I want to do in Taiwan, Homework, AGE and AI what is our position, that is in the overall AI server or the position of the front-end AGE AI, that is, in our position to pay for everything or everything, we will stand in our industry, how to be combined with the front-end things, this part is a big picture for us.

However, we are still looking for something that can be seen in practice, but it is really something that can be seen. The last point is that there are two more reasons for ESG I think it is a global trend, but another important requirement for security is to include all of our big customers to ask us to improve our security, so we have done some effort on the upgrade of the security equipment and systems, and it will not directly profit us, but it will increase us to go with our customers to Nego to get some competitive advantage of the case. The second cloud platform This is a one-to-one project because you may always think that we are a hardware-only equipment is wrong, but we are also looking for some changes and development, so I have always emphasized that we have been trying to strengthen some of the services we have in the cloud Cash App TMS, so it is important that we continue to develop and then the most important thing is to provide better service to our customers. The most important thing is to provide better service to our customers to increase the advisability of the market.