Welcome to today's Shuang Fat Technology Co., Ltd.'s detailed meeting, today we are very happy to invite Director Pan Ming-huang and Manager Huang Shi-min to share with us the golden lily outlook. Now we are going to hand over the time to Director Pan to ask.

In the three major product lines, the consumer rest in the left hand is our most original product line, this product line is almost in the toy field. The field of the toy, is probably because most countries are small, so the market wants to expect it is not easy to grow, but this is from some product updates, we can get some market expansion, and some of our revenue increase. This field also has a large growth area, this consumer rest, we began to work hard to make our products a big update, that new product, we will take our very flexible MCU as a core, and then follow it to see how much it needs a cloud capacity to do a flexible match, if you say that cloud capacity to 20 seconds or 60 or 180 seconds, then we will be with a different size of memory, that memory is fresh, so it is very convenient for our downstream industry. And then the third is our computer peripheral, computer peripheral esports application this piece, in addition to the early stage of this low-level keyboard mouse control IC, in recent years, our main focus is in the operation of esports, esports-related application, esports keyboard mouse, etc., which is from the last year or even to this year, we think it is the same, like our personal health care products, we can expect it to be a more stable market growth.

So it is probably that we have three or four of the four members of our staff, this year we focus on the application of the motor, the fan cooling motor, the application of this one, then the other is the three four of our core chip, the M4 is good, but now is to find the application of the market to cut into the first part of our car, the chip is still in development, if the development is completed, we can cut to some of the applications on the dashboard above the car, so of course, if the three members of the M4 are not finished, or the three of us already already have the chip through the car regulations, we are pushing to the car's relatively simple application, such as the rain brush, or the electric door, which is the control, that we say in the MCU product line, in order to get rid of our low-level small appliances, that is to find some new market, that we need to go in this direction, OK. The latest version of the chip is handwritten, you know where the sound will be. Now the latest generation of chip can be handwritten, the handwritten version of this, it can be read that the child can read the trajectory you write, it can make the appropriate response, or you write this data information, to the remote via Wi-Fi, which is also in the mainland China, there are now some solution providers, the program providers should be considered the supplier of the teaching equipment, very active in the province of the system, it is mostly in elementary school students, elementary school students need to learn the wording, that this year is more likely to expect is the handwritten part of the handwritten part can be started.

The following is a re-arranged paragraph type transcription:. There are some fermentation in the market. The other is the transmission of our wireless video. It is the transmission of our wireless video. The transmission of wireless audio and video is roughly two categories. One is our reverse surveillance camera.

The market is also a very stand-alone model. That is, almost all of them are concentrated in large truck trucks. In North America, the market is mainly. This year, we have an update to this chipset that we have upgraded.

Integrated RF. The benefit of this is that the overall cost of the module can be reduced. Then it is better to control the stability of the product.

Another is the Baby Monitor. Baby Moment is also a stable market. The customer is also the one, and then the market of many countries, especially in developed countries.

It's not easy for us to expect a lot of growth either. But it's stable. And then the gross profit margin is also very good. It's almost the highest gross profit margin in our company. That's the part.

This is more of a description of the three major products of our company. Here you can see the changes in our product portfolio. Specific gravity changes. See this consumer IC. Consumer ICs have been around 12 to 14 in our company all the time.

Then multimedia. The MCU, which is a multimedia IC, has always been between 45 and 50. These two years because there is less relational electricity in the inventory. So about 40 to 42. 110 years is worse. In 110 years only 36%.

The multimedia IC has been in the past 40 to 42, about 3. Also nearly last year also maintained the proportion of 43. So the proportion of our three products in the future will almost also maintain this kind of. It is likely that the multimedia and maintenance work opportunity will account for all of us at 40 to 45. Then the consumer IC will account for us about 15. This proportion has been maintained.

The MCU mainly used this, of course, I have already explained that the three mains are three applications. One is the application of medical measurement. One is the general type is the main in a variety of small home appliances with some remote control, etc. It is the control IC of the mobile power charger. Then this one around the computer is the main focus of the application related to esports. OK

This is also a significant change in the proportion of our three applications. Here we can see a good phenomenon that we have in this low-level universal MCU which has been downgraded from the last 48 years to 44 to 42 years ago, and our MCU's gross profit margin is not much pressure on us because the gross profit margin here is low. Then at the USBMCU and this one we call SLC's gross profit margin is relatively good.

As you can see, we first launched the built-in laptop camcorder in 2006. Then it was during the pandemic that the plug-in camcorder was very popular because it worked out from home. In 2021 and 2022, our plug-in weight was almost more than our built-in weight. And by 2025, the development of this development also recalls that it was normal whether or not we built-in or accounted for almost 60% of our built-in laptops last year and 40% of our plug-in weight.

HPT is talking about an AI-enabled surveillance webcam. This is a description of a computer that we have a multi-media prize. Here I just mentioned that while our global network is in our plugin, one of the suggestions is that so I just mentioned that last year I saw last year because our laptop had a built-in IC because of a recession, so the whole thing was a recession, so it felt like 20 to 34 times more than this one.

We are going to talk about our earnings report. Mr. Huang explained this. Thanks to the director, we have had this financial report for a while and believe that the number is already well known. We are a simple review of our 113-year revenue is 27.44 billion compared to 112-year 26.09 billion increased by 5%. Just to mention that there are some growth in each product line, just because some of the small things above our products are a little weaker than we expected.

However, it is good to say that in addition to multimedia, every other product line saw nearly two or more growth. This year there are some new products, so the director also reported that this year we expect to have a good increase in revenue compared to last year. The business economy last year was 1.7.9 billion less than the previous year. In fact, our gross profit margin is almost the same, because we have made a relatively high amount of spending for some new investment at the end of last year, so this part is that our business economy is even though revenue growth but less business economy. So EPS is 1.07.

From our inventory figures, we can see that the efforts we've actually made in the last two or three years have been very effective. Then, at the end of last year, our inventory was $6.27 billion, which has dropped significantly since the previous year, especially the number of turnout days, down from 253 days to 170 days.

This is the part of our earnings report, which we see individually. In fact, we have already reported that we have a lot of revenue, then the gross profit part is the same, that is, the gross profit part of our product portfolio does not say that you have been affected too much relationship, our gross profit margin is still sluggish. The net profit part is relatively small, mainly because there is just mention of the cost part, it is some light of the production, so there is erosion of some of our interests, so it is seen that the net profit is only a little bit less than the people.

So last year's fourth quarter EPS was 0.2, from the fourth quarter to the third quarter, our fourth quarter revenue was 7.17 billion, then there was a 4% growth in our third quarter, then the gross profit, in fact, the amount of the increase, the gross profit is relatively similar, then the net profit is also relatively small, only 98 million, mainly or I mentioned the amount of the light, we were at the end of last year we put a production, it should be the company is now the most advanced process, a very high amount of light expenditure. The cost of this light is caused by the end of the year, the overall cost is increased, and then this, the net profit is also affected by some, but the benefit and the relationship, so the last EPS is still better than the last quarter, can return to 10.21.