Welcome to the Thinking Industry Co., Ltd. online corporate briefing session. The procedure for the meeting today will be explained by the company's migration evolution briefing. Further Q&A. In the course of the briefing, if there are no questions.

Please enter a chat window. We will answer your questions as soon as the presentation is complete. We will now hand over the time to the moderators of the thinker.

The online legal person briefing is about to begin. First of all, you are welcome to participate. Today's law briefing will be reported by the company's chief financial officer, Mr. Xu Ganglun. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Now we hold the legal person briefing session for the company's first quarter of 2025. Today we will focus on the operation of our company last year.

There is also the trend of the BDI as well. The situation of the global economy. There is also the change in the rent in the current entire bulk, and this new creation.

First of all, this is the company's last year. The integrated water table. That year compared to the previous year. This loss of our company is a relative loss. It is a relative decrease. We are in the main number.

This is because we recognize some of the losses of our hotel. That is what the industry is talking about. Because we have to pay for a rescue ship every year, it also increases the working capital on the account. There is also a relative interest expense also decreases. So even the number of ships we have last year.

Compared to 2023, we have created more revenue. There are also costs for reducing costs. So the current fleet. There are 26 total ships. That was until the end of last year.

We have disposed of three small boats. That 2025 is currently dispensing. That was in December of 2025. We will also deliver an Ultra Max energy-saving boat. There will also be a new one in the third quarter of next year.

This month's hull operation is about 31% in the spot market. It's about 27% in the spot market. It's about 42% in the long part.

That is the trend of BDI. This is the first quarter of this year. Compared to the same period last year, it has decreased a lot. Although the overall BDI index in 2024 is on average 1755. But it was clear last quarter.

It was only the first quarter of this year. It was actually low. It was on March 28th. There was a BDI movement. It was on the current index around March 28th.

It seems to be around 1602. There is a situation about the global economy. This one is taken up above. It is the IMF's economic forecast. That's why this year since Trump was elected last year. All of this.

These measures he proposed, including tariffs imposed on Canada, Mexico. There is also China. All of them have been in this period. It has already been implemented in the past. And he was out of this equivalent tariff on April 2nd.

There is quite a lot of uncertainty. The only thing we can determine now is that. Everything is not sure. There is something about which he used to say. It is for Chinese customers. Every time if the highest entrance fee is one million.

This is our interpretation of the Qur'an, and it is our interpretation of it, and it is our interpretation of it, but it is not the interpretation of it.

In addition, our company's ships are made by Japanese shipbuilders. So basically our impact can be said to be of interest. This is the aspect of rent. This is seen from the chart above. This year the average of all types of ships has fallen by 25% to about 50% in March.

That's why this first quarter of this year's market is really pretty bad. This is also because all of them, whether they're shipping carriers or what the renter thinks about the market today. They're relatively uncertain. Everyone's needs on this ship are relatively conservative. We're probably aware of them now.

The current situation is even now this situation. The tariff on April 2 tariffs has raised a relative data. This part of the story is not really good to bounce back. That is to say, this year's view is full of uncertainty. There is a need for ships.

So of course we can say that. Right now, because of the influence of geopolitics throughout the world, and the outlook of the entire market is going down. The risk of that year's economic downturn is quite high. The supply of that ship.

It's probably flat. But the demand for the goods. Now it seems to be relatively less. 2025 the current transaction situation has come to an end. In the present case, it has already had a big impact.

However, this situation has a big impact. The supply of the current shipping company's demand comes to mind. It is probably already handed over to the shipping territory around 2028. The above is for all of our current operations today. There are some reports of some of the perceptions of the market. Thank you.

Thank you to the Chief Financial Officer for the detailed report. Next Q&A. The end of the Q&A is over.

Thank you for the report of the Chief Financial Officer of 4D Aviation. Today's legal person's explanation will be over. Thank you again. I wish you all a smooth investment. Thank you.