In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful, Most Merciful.

Operating revenue NT$47.25 billion. Operating gross profit of NT$67.75 billion. Net profit of NT$49 million. Net profit of NT$30 million. Net profit of NT$56 million belongs to the owners of the parent company. Basic earnings of NT$0.3 per share.

Gross profit margin of the Company was 14.3%, an increase of 1.2 percentage points from the same period last year. Net profit margin of 1%, an increase of 0.3 percentage points from the same period last year. The current net profit margin of 6.3%, a decrease of 2.3 percentage points from the same period last year.

Stock 52.7 billion. Real estate factories and equipment of $9.5 billion. Total assets of $1.9 billion. Current liabilities of $7.9 billion. Non-current liabilities of $88 billion. Global liabilities of $8 billion.

A total of 49.75 million. attributable to owners of capital of the parent company 40.27 million. Net worth per share is 21.38 million. Inventory increased by 39.95 million from the end of last year, in addition to the US subsidiary Brandstone was more in stock at the end of March due to U.S. tariffs, and the Taiwan side was awarded in response to the project. The total and net worth per share decreased from the end of 2024, mainly the distribution of 113 million dollars in cash dividends.

In the first quarter of 2025, the receivables week of 57 days, 114 days of receivables week, 68 days of receivables week, 103 days of receivables week, and 126% flow rate. The number of receivables week compared to the end of last year and the same period last year, mainly as mentioned above, has been more inventory in response to U.S. tariffs and Taiwan's receivables. In the second quarter of 2025, the company divided the four major applications of AI computing, cloud services, self-security, and meta networking.

The above is my financial results and business summary for the first quarter of 2025 of Meta. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

The company is an information services product, mainly in the future will focus on cloud services, open source applications, AI empowerment, and natural protection products. In the field of large companies, first of all, I would like to say that from last year to this year, the three public clouds in Taiwan, including AWS A9 and GCP, will be set up a Data Center in Taiwan. This effect is because we all know that there has always been a public cloud that can be more flexible for users, and it is a privilege to subscribe.

So today, after the establishment of the Data Center in Taiwan, there are three public clouds in Taiwan, so that these related industries can meet the needs of rules and regulations, so it can be foresee that the entire public cloud services will actually continue to expand the market. The second is the so-called open source, which is the part of Open Source. I imagine that this year, after the application of DeepSig, in fact, it uses an Open Source architecture, so many enterprises have actually moved to an open source situation. So in the open source market, many of the future enterprise software development is based on open source, so the company also enjoys its development. Therefore, in the open source part, we will continue to invest some resources to help enterprises to develop their software and hardware systems in an open source way.

I think the AI is very fast with the times, and from the previous how a GVT as a whole generated an AI agent, that part of the AI has already guided the whole government or general private enterprises in the information service budget and development. So this part of the fact that we continue to work with the agency of the original contains not only three civil servants or even some relevant local AI applications, but also with many companies to discuss how to do this solution. The last paragraph is security. I want to be affected by the overall environment and geopolitical influence, in fact, the security issues are also very popular recently.

Therefore, one of the relevant AI vendors also quit the so-called AI security, so-called AI security is how to use AI in enterprises, can also have some security prevention, to ensure that enterprises are not a threat to the use of AI security and whether it is the protection of data.
