<think> Ok, now I need to process the transcripts provided by the user and sort them into paragraph transcripts. First, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten, or condensed in any sentence, so the integrity of the original text must be maintained. Next, I need to analyze the transcripts provided to see how these transcripts are merged into a coherent paragraph.

For example, the beginning part is welcome words and introduce guests, which should be merged into a paragraph. Next is the speech content of the chief financial officer, which may need to be divided into several paragraphs, each paragraph around a topic, such as company profile, business structure, financial situation, etc. It is important to note that some sentences may not be continuous over time, but the content is consistent.

Also, it is important to make sure that no sentences are missing, even if they look incomplete or duplicated. In addition, it is important that the user mentions "do not delete any sentences", so even if some sentences appear to be wrong or duplicated, such as "that's", "that's right", and that of course also invests in a small part of the new technology, it also needs to be retained. This may affect the smoothness of the paragraph, but it must be kept the accuracy of the original word.

Finally, after completing the initial draft, I read through the entire paragraph verbatim to check for missing sentences to ensure that all content is properly integrated and the transition between paragraphs is natural. If there is uncertainty, it may be necessary to re-arrange the original verbatim to make sure that there is no error. </think> Below is the compiled paragraph verbatim verb (fully retain all the original sentences, only re-arrange the paragraphs by semantic logic).

As well as the Head of Accounting at Chan Yuen Yi, we will be briefing you on the limited status of the company today. And the outlook for the future will be to follow the Q&A. We will pass the time to the Chief Financial Officer first.

First of all, I would like to thank the two of you for inviting us to this visit. Thank you for your continued participation. I would like to give a brief description of the company's group. We will do some Q&A next. OK We are sincere. Taiwan's largest stock company employs about 4700 people.

That's right. China is about 450 here. We have 4 million people in every part of our country. Last year we received 380. This is a cutting-edge blueprint for our growth. That's basically what we're investing in.

Very healthy industry. If you want to grow organically on your own inside, it will be slower, so it is.

Another growth strategy. We are all active in the part of the acquisition and coin. So this picture shows up in my past. Since 2001, some of the main acquisitions and actions of the coin or investment.

The history of the past. That acquisition and coin also brings a good effect of growth. That is basically what we continue to use this strategy for. That future investment focus is still with me.

This system integration or some of the core business parts related to VAD. Of course, it will also invest in a small part of the new technology. The application part is mostly less. My investment strategy is mainly intended to be able to acquire at least 20% or more equity. Even more than half of the shares are destroyed.

Let our cause grow. A motivation to speed up. That is the energy of our service team. This is my new organization. This is the 6DI channel of this year's happiness. I don't want to talk about it in particular in the West.

This is our core ability. 5A6 core. Then of course 6D. 4C roll is used for the previous step. Basically, it is one of our core capabilities.

We have a lot of cross-border use. We provide a lot of our solutions. We also have a number of partners in the international system. I think the international platform is probably doing it. This is also a reference for you.

This is part of the wealth of the world; this is part of the wealth of the world; this is part of the wealth of the world.

It may be more clear. We are actually the biggest proportion right now. Of course, the green part is about 30. What is the second generation of finance.

So what is finance. It is relatively large. Because there are more related projects or system integrations there. The technology industry is much larger, mainly because of the business of VAD. It is the distribution business.

For example, Microsoft or IBM HP. It is a relatively large volume. The volume is relatively large. So the proportion is relatively high. So it accounts for 30 percent. It is the main focus of our business or in the financial industry.

And that's it. That's the part of the government that's more than 10%. That's because we're golden city. That's a very volatile trade. That's a word to say. That's really hard to say.

So we split it into three parts with the investment population. One is SI. SI is the system integration. The system integration portion is about 25%. The gross profit margin is about 25%-26%. The VAD is about 10% of the largest block.

In this comparison, we prefer MaskWin to do some value-added. Therefore, the gross profit margin is relatively not high. It is about 30%. It is about 30%. That Inbox is some special industry. Because it is impossible to classify it in SI or VAD.

For example, my quote. The quote system. Or the one-off printing. Or some e-commerce or e-ticket services. So we probably use these three. The gaps in gross profit margins here are relatively large.

On average, about 35%-36%. Or around. So I usually use these three parts. I communicate with you. I communicate with you. In the last few years, VAD is probably a relatively growing part.

Since we bought Dun Hing a few years ago, we then went through a smooth expansion to lead IBM's products. So the business growth of VAD is relatively faster. In addition, some of the Microsoft's businesses are actually growing. So the proportion above is basically a relatively high.

It is also because the gross interest rate is relatively low. You can see that the gross interest rate is going down. Basically, it is a few simple math calculations. This is the part of my balance sheet. That our total assets are about 310.350. Here we have a lot of advantages compared to other industries.

Last year, we all knew we had this share. The first debt company took billions of dollars in cash.

It's also a bit like the end of the year. It's a relatively large product. It's the part of the cash barrier. The advantage of the cash barrier is that the first one I can do to move forward. So I'm different from the industry.

This is a big advantage of my finances. The second is why I can do VAD. Because the business of VAD is that which requires a large amount of money turnover. Although its gross profit margin is low, I can still make a profit.

But I want to make enough walking capital to do this. I do this. So I have the money to get into this industry. Then again, I'm going to develop this debt ratio. There's a space for financing.

"This is my body, which is given for you; do this in remembrance of me, and in remembrance of me; do this in remembrance of me, and in remembrance of me, and in remembrance of me, and in remembrance of me, and in remembrance of me."

That's why the gross profit margin is so low every year. But my profit in this industry is good. Profit in this industry is that the profit in the business sector has actually grown. Last year seems to be relatively flat. Of course, I'm also very out of business every year.

There was a good performance. Then last year. The part outside the industry was good. The part outside the industry. There were some good financial gains. The whole EPS was about 7.66.

It is a time when I will be on my knees every year, and I will be on my knees a little bit, and I will tell you a little more about what I am talking about this year.

My revenue has grown. Of course, the gross profit margin is slightly lower. But I have Maori. But the operating expenses are due all year round. It's because I'm a company of people.

So I'm only paying for people's wages, and I'm probably paying for my entire business.

The following is a re-routing paragraph-by-text transcript: About 80% to 80%. So I'm going to raise my salary every year, plus my black card has increased very much. Last year, at the end of the year, there were about 120 people, including the one I acquired last year, and last year's company called Kaixin, which was acquired in August. So the total cost was relatively high.

So the whole cost is slightly higher. But, in fact, I now have only 1.3 trillion and 1.3 billion.3 trillion. But the multi-recognized business in the equity law section, in fact, we just said in the equity law section, when I do the acquisition and verification, it may be the same as the equity law FMV, which refers to the company's words will be placed above, the equity law will put here. But the equity law is probably more, so overall, the industry is a growth situation, not only because of our investment parts, these multi-asset properties actually have a good growth.

However, the pistol has always been maintained, which means that our fourth quarter is probably the highest annual revenue. Our interest rate is probably maintained at 20%, and the fee is probably the same as this revenue, which is the fourth quarter will be the highest, and it is probably a pistol. And in the fourth quarter, we will probably be more conservative, adding some of the expenses that occurred in the current year, or saying some of the most conservative standards to list some of them, which can recognize the costs that come in.

If there is no problem, today we are very grateful for the time of the Chief Financial Officer, and today we are first-class law commissioning the first paragraph of this paragraph, thank you all.