In the first quarter of this year, we can see that our monthly body performance is relatively different from last year, but we can see that we start from February to April, there is a relatively small decline, and even a small growth of YOY. So I think it should be said that in the first quarter of this year, except because the seasonality is not allowed, it may be because the goods between our EC customers are not available, but it does appear to be a bit different from the second to the last month. Of course, we are expected to receive in May, we should not be much different from the same period last year, we will announce today or tomorrow, we will expect more, we will first, we will be notified.

This is why we are proud to say that EC's product line will be more effective than the above, so we hope that the overall pre-receive structure of the company will be a healthy improvement. We may be able to help me with the content of the company in this period. Hello everyone, I am Mr. Hui, General Manager of Chen Jie, I can also take care of this three parts, first I will see this three parts, we have to explain some of the different aspects of the product line. In the first part of the product development, we are now in addition to the EC and MCU products mentioned, we have some progress in the product line.

In addition to the principle, we can see this EC in the company's marketing, in fact, it is relatively small, but we actually have some adjustments on the business strategy, including the fact that we have some people are talking about some customized EC product specifications, which is currently expected, I hope to deliver them in the second quarter of next year. The other part is our MCU products, that MCU products this year, mainly based on some of our previous process optimization, which reduces our products, improve some performance, and then at the end of this project, I will have some new product introduction, the main strategy is in addition to the existing products, can be for the market, more extended some applications and specifications, hoping to expand some of the market share in the MCU.

In addition, in the supply chain part, we are still continuing the policy in progress, and there are some requirements of our customers, but we are currently in Taiwan's refinery, that progress is in line with our expectations, then we will be the property of this customer to adjust one area, the main purpose is to hope to diversify the risk, and this overall supply chain to make the most optimization of a cost consideration, and at the same time is to improve the resilience and strength of our supply chain, at present, whether in refinery and the supply chain, the overall product supply is also able to meet our cooperation and demand, I think we are to maintain an existing partner, and then more than six months, we see that is to say that includes some capacity, some set of demand, some of the overall supply chain is very supportive, in the first half of the year, so the premium space is low, so the current is still to optimize our design improvement of the corresponding cost, we will be the second part of the market, we will try to try to provide the situation in the situation in this, and we will be the future.