Everyone is welcome to participate in the same-sex electronic corporate briefing. Now we introduce you to the management team. General Manager Lu Shao Ping. Everyone is welcome to join us in the afternoon. Chief Operating Officer Huang Jiali.

Thank you all for your time and support to the management team. We would like to thank you for participating in our same-sex e-newsletter, which is the fourth quarter of 2024. This is a financial and profit outlook for 2024. We would like to ask the general manager to support us first.

Mr. Good Morning, Mr. Good Morning, Mr. Good Morning, is our fourth session of the legal person's briefing session.

First of all, we ask our financial officer to report to you. Our financial information.

First, let me report to you. Our fourth quarter financial position is 29.83 billion in revenue for 4Q in 2024. A 2.7 percentage point decrease compared to the 30.67 billion in revenue. That's in Maori.

4Q is 25.8% in 2024. That is 28.4% in 3Q.

The gross profit margin portion. Slightly reduced by 2. 6 percentage points. That portion of the total operating fee. 4Q is 12. 8%. The operating fee is 13% bad. That portion of the 3Q is 13%.

The total profit of the 4Q is 3.84 billion. The 3Q is 5.29 billion. The EPS4Q is 1.81 billion. The 3Q is 2.53 billion.

Next, let's take a closer look at the comparison of YY. 4Q29.83 billion compared to last year's 4Q. 31.73 billion. Revenue portion decreased by 6 percentage points. In the gross profit margin portion.

Last year's 4Q was 27.7%. That was the 4Q was 25.8% gross profit margin part of that year's 4Q was the decline. That was the part of the operating fee rate. The 4Q was 11.1% that year's 4Q was 13%. That was mainly because we started with some Buds this year.

Go for some depreciation costs. Some of the products. The entire net profit is 12.8%. That is, in terms of EPS performance, 4Q is 1.81 compared to last year's 4Q is 2.33. The absolute amount of the portion has fallen by 21%.

2024 was 120.9 billion compared to last year's 115.84 million. The revenue portion was up 4.4%. The gross profit margin portion was 27.5% last year was 24.1% this year. The operating expense percentage was 13.1% last year was 11.8%. Just my main.

The main reason to mention it is because of. Bud. The building of the plant then we paid some fees. Some stalls. The net profit for the whole business was 14. 4%. Overall, the profit in 2024 was 17. 1.8 billion.

Then the net profit margin was 14.2% compared to the previous year. The net profit margin was 9.9%. Overall, this year's performance was 49.4% higher than last year. The EPS was 8.2. Last year was.

5.5%. Let's look at the balance sheet. The cash is about 3 billion. Last year was 47.47 billion. The financial growth in liquidity was about 36.900 million. That's about 10%.

We can see these two numbers. In fact, the cash portion has a significant drop. There is a significant rise in the financial assets section. Here are some cash we go. Buy some capital-based financial products. So it is a liquidity financial asset.

The whole cash section is increased. Let's look at the shipping portion. The shipping portion can be flat. 24.95 billion. It accounts for 36.1% of the total assets.

The weighted portion decreased by 17.32 million. About 5% of total assets. The fixed assets were 113.58 million. The total assets were about 346 million. The total debt was about 82 million. The total debt was about 82 million.

The total debt ratio is 25.4%. Ordinary equity is about 258 million. The ratio is 74.6%. The depreciation cost we have for this year is about 1.6 billion. The capital expenditure is 10.89 billion. The portion we look at depreciation is about 1.6 billion compared to last year.

Significant growth. Mainly because the depreciation of the starting site began to be determined. The portion of the capital expenditure was decreased. The part of the capital expenditure was 10.89 billion. We looked at the portion of the capital expenditure. Our capital expenditure in 2023 was about 27.43 billion.

Our capital expenditure in 2023 was around 27.43 million. But in 2024, it was 10.89 billion. Turned into 10.91 billion. Turned into 10.91 billion. Here is a brief description of the financial report.

The above is a brief explanation of the financial report. Thank you. We will then report our business update to you. Our total revenue market in 2024 is 120.9 billion.

That YOY grew by about 4%. Next. If you look at quarterly sales, the revenue for the fourth quarter is 29.80 billion. 3% more than the third quarter. Next.

That is, if you look at the Arch module. Q4. QOQ is 17% growth. So yes. 216,231. Next.

That's what it says in the Heavy module. It's QOQ is a 47.05 billion drop. Next.

Each product. QOQ is a 2% drop of 14.80 billion. If we look at our application. The largest is related to our device. Has fallen to 67%. Then the second is.

The phone is related to 7%. Industrial use decreased by 12%. Communication 9%. Pharmaceutical use is 4% more. Now look at us.

It's a short month in January and February. So now it looks like it's going down. The median number is down. Here's my report. Next is Q&A time.

If you have any questions, please ask a question. Thank you. aprove this video. Here are some advanced investment questions. The company is now 2024.

That was the company's four products in 2025. What sort of sort and outlook. You're now getting information from the customers. The fastest growth should be the part of the fiber communication in the RF module. The second is the ceramic substrate.

The third is the image sensor of the car. The last one is Hybrid. That's where the investment goes. The company looks at the progress of this global vehicle to the inventory. The message we get from our guests is that the current inventory should go back to normal.

But every one has a political relationship.

The following is a re-arranged paragraph type transcript:. So everyone is very conservative. It is very conservative about increasing the stock. So so far it is still a step forward. Basically, this stock is a very normal condition, healthy condition. This action is what we are going to talk about.

We speak Chinese on gutero. Add a LOG. split. Electric feeling different. No. LOG.

It's hard to believe, but it's hard to believe. It's just a matter of time. It's just a matter of time. It's just a matter of time. It's just a matter of time.

It has autonomous ADAS. Autonomous products. Whether the company has a chance here. So what are some of the company's customers and products. Now we see. According to our customers with our estimates.

This is the beginning of the second half of the year. A relatively high-end image sensor. This is mainly used in the number of ADAS here. Our guests tell us that this number increases. So please prepare for it.

And if he is in a state of grace, and if he is in a state of grace, then we are in a state of grace; and if he is in a state of grace, then we are in a state of grace, and he is in a state of grace.

And you can see a certain dynamic. Then there are customers with this product mainly what are some. We have automotive image sensors. There are a few guests. Of course there are major or American. Or Japan.

So they. Now so-called high-end products. On top of autonomous driving, we want to be more than 1M. It looks like 3M 8M is the main focus of the two. Here is another investment advanced to ask.

Ceramic version. So on top of this car. Is this year because of this new customer, or a project that introduced new products. Yes, we were on top of the LED in the car.

Our cars are mainly for European and American customers, so after years of effort, now finally there is a Japanese customer, gradually introduced.

But the things in the car are really bad at this time. The introduction of the period is also actually the same. The comparison does not come at a glance, but it is very stable in increasing this quantity. So our investment is absolutely feasible.

So, the investment is definitely possible. Well, there are legal persons here. Before the law, there is mention of mobile phone flash. May be imported into the ceramic machine version. Please ask the company if there are any new progress.

This flash was used to generate revenue from LEDs in our childhood stars. In fact, it used to account for a very high percentage of previous customers. Other ways to buy. This high-end LED flash, but from the recent beginning.

We have two kinds of people: those who are in the right place, those who are in the wrong place, those who are in the wrong place, those who are in the wrong place, those who are in the wrong place, those who are in the wrong place, and those who are in the wrong place.

I think we're going to use this. That's what I think. Our past experience is going to start on April. This is what we want. We're going to use this flash in April. There's a certain amount of money to contribute.

Of course, we also want to say that this guest is not possible. In addition to being at the highest level, slowly imported to all the other. At the same time, we also work hard with another supplier. This supplier is very difficult to enter. But now we have started.

And if we do that, then we will be able to do it, or we will be able to do it, or we will be able to do it, or we will be able to do it, or we will be able to do it, or we will be able to do it.

And if we do, we will be able to do it, and if we are able to do it, we will be able to do it, and if we are able to do it, we will be able to do it."

Ninety-nine is no longer captive. Everything must be traded. Now I'm telling you. There's utt. This feeling. So follower.

Then it is sebagaigestellt. ent. RW must not be closed in the background in China. Mobile CIS can benefit from it again. This should be divided into two parts. In fact, except for mobile phones.

Electronic sensors for automobiles. IBGA is our main focus. There is also a Wafer Level CSP in mainland China supply chain. There is also a need for some RWs now. That is, they are using COB processes. We are also doing sample certifications.

Of course, car time won't be so fast. But the sound of RWs slowly fermented. The second is mobile CIS. If yes, Chinese mainland customers. Currently, the supply chain of RWs in mainland China is used.

They don't want to give to markets other than China. They don't consider the RW production line of the same sex. We have been working closely with these companies. We have also discussed it.

Is it possible to ask the company to talk about satellites. Progress on the side. Satellites continue to launch. Constantly reconstructing the communication network. Not too many people used so far. So of course I think he will continue to reconstruct such a contract.

That is to discuss with every country. Ask for judgment. Then he communicates his satellite service. Place it in various regions. Of course, North America is the first to use. But now it looks like he has done it in many countries.

I would like to continue doing this will happen. In other words, I would like to say that satellites communicate directly to the phone. He is currently testing Tax. Then, of course, the next step is the voice. The last is the data.

We see their long-term plans, or increase the number, but this guest is very hard to reduce costs. So I think.

This new design will be more efficient. It is a very good company. It should be done. But overall, our revenue should still increase.

We don't know how much they will cost, or whether they will move forward. We all know where we're located. Take our policies. We don't know. Only then lower.

Too many have fallen into the game. I have a few words, but this is not where am I. So what do I say? How do I change that?



If you are a new customer or a new customer, you are either the fastest growing or optical fiber-related module, the fastest growing or optical fiber-related module, the fastest growth or optical fiber-related module. The guest is still the original guest, the guest is still the original guest, this we have been working with for many years. It is not a new product is, because our main focus is 400, because there are some original 100, 400G and the original 100G, but now slowly 800G is starting to grow, the number will gradually increase, that even in the development stage, the next stage of the next stage of the 1. 6T is also starting to discuss how to make samples.

If the company believes that the competition of the global car manufacturers is accelerated, the rise of Chinese cars, for the European and American auto industry, tariffs and other issues, for the impact of the company, I think the whole car market will not be due to tariff problems, and the number of changes, I think will not be the same trend, if this is the case, I think our customers in such fields, competitiveness, they are also very strong, because of China or even automatic car, one of the main markets, they will not give up their business, I want to do this, I want to see the future of the company, thank you, the future of the company is more than 2025.