Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, okay. If you want to know more about this, you may want to read this article. If you would like to know more about this, please read this article. If you would like to know more about this, please do not hesitate to contact us. If you would like to know more about this information, please do not hesitate to contact us. If you would like to know more about this information, please do not hesitate to contact us. If you would like to know more about this information, please do not hesitate to contact us. If you would like to know more about this information, please do not hesitate to contact us. If you are looking for a new product or service, you may be looking for a new product or service that is not yet available. However, if you are looking for a new product or service, you may be looking for a new product or service that will not be available yet. However, if you are looking for a new product or service that will not be available in the future, you may be looking for a new product or service that will not be available for sale in the future. If you are looking for a new product or service that will not be available in the future, you may be looking for a new product or service that will not be available in the future.

The next part is about the company's operating base.

We started in Taiwan. Here in Taiwan, we are currently on the side of the Anteden Sky Building of the Mangrove MRT Station. I remember that it was 2018 or 19 when we bought our office building. Then, here is the base point of our company is on the side of Kanto, and it is probably Ho Hing Hospital and Asus, which should be said that we are neighbors with ASUS. Then I moved to the mangrove MRT station here.

There is also our back office here. There are two other main production festivals, one at Freshwater Danjin Road, and the other at Leder Plant. In fact, they are located near Kang Book Technology. The main thing about getting to the plant is the production of our high frequency connector RF products. The other part of Leder Plant is the production of our data center, which is where our US department is located.

In the last seven years, we have also reached the factory, because of the passive data center, the whole production capacity of the whole sales, in fact, the growth part. So in the third quarter, we also have the performance of the passive part of the fresh water here. That is, the whole thing has been ready.

In the third quarter of last year, we launched a new subsidiary in the Philippines, which is also part of an economic park near Manila. At present, it is estimated that our Philippines subsidiary, probably in the second quarter of May, should be able to start the shipment, and start to run to a small market. In the second quarter of the Czech Republic, the Czech Republic is mainly part of our main R&D technology center.

This is the company's entire product introduction, we can not look from the middle of this line from the left side of the line to the right side of the presentation is our traditional part of the company's RF products. RF products, in fact, in fact, the RF products here is about 50 public, if the company forward the history, about 50 years. That is mainly from the previous CADI, cable TV, this home.

About 78 years ago before the epidemic, in fact, our RF mainly cable TV is the fastest. Annual turnover accounted for nearly seven to eighty percent of the entire RF. However, because of the slow standardization of the products, plus the period of the epidemic, In addition to the increase in digital materials, coupled with the slow standardization of the digital age, coupled with the fact that now the digital age is slowly standardized, coupled with the fact that now the digital age is slowly standardized, coupled with the fact that now the digital age is slowly standardized, coupled with the fact that now the digital age is slowly standardized, coupled with the fact that now the digital age is slowly standardized, coupled with the fact that now the digital age of digital age is slowly standardized, but also because now the digital age is slowly standardized, because now the digital age is slowly standardized, after the digital age, after the digital age is actually standardized, because after the digital age of digital era is actually standardized, and now the digital age is now, because of the digital era is now, because of digitalization, because of the digital era is actually after the digital era of standardized, after the digital era is now, after the digital era, after the digital era is now, because of digitalization, and now, because of digital era is now, because of digital era is now, after the digital era of digitalization, because of digitalization, after the digitalization, because of digitalization, and now, because of digitalization, because of digital era of digitalization, because of digitalization, because of digitalization, after the digitalization is now, and now, and now, because of digital era is now, because of digitalization, because of now, because of digitalization, because of digitalization, and now, because of digitalization, because of the digitalization, because of the digital era of digitalization, after the digitalization, after the digitalization, because of the digital era is now, after the digital era is now is now, and now, because of the digital era is now, after after after the digitalization, after the digitalization, after the digitalization, and now is now is now is now, after the digitalization, after the digitalization, and now, after the digitalization, after the digitalization, after the digitalization, after the digitalization, after the digital era is now, after the digitalization, after the digitalization, after the digital era is now, and now, after the digitalization, after the digitalization, after the digitalization, after the digitalization, after the digitalization, and after the digitalization, after the digitalization, and after the digitalization is now, because because After the digital standardization of the digital era, and after the digital standardization of the digital era, and after the digital standardization of the digital era, coupled with after the digital standardization of the digital era, coupled with after the digital standardization of the digital era, coupled with now the digital standardization of the digital era, coupled with now the digital standardization of the digital era, coupled with now the digital standardization of the digital era, because now the digital standardization of the digital era, and because now the digital standardization of the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital standardization of the digital era, after the digital standardization of the digital era, after the digital era, because of the digital standardization of the digital era, and now the digital era, after the digital standardization of the digital era after the digital era, because of the digital standardization of the digital era, because of the digital era, because of the digital standardization of the digital era, because of the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era after the digital era, after the digital era is now, after the digital standardization is now, because of the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital standardization, because of the digital era, after the digital era, and now also now also now, because because because of the digital standardization, after the digital standardization, because of the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digitalization, because because because because because of the digitalization, because of the digital era, because of the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digitalization is now, because because because because because now, because of the digitalization, because of the digitalization, because of the digital era, because now, because of the digital era, after the digitalization, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the introduction of the digital era, after after the digitalization, after the digitalization, after the digitalization, after the digital era, after the digital era, after the digitalization, after after the digitalization, after the digital era, because now, after the digital era In the digital age, the digital age is now gradually standardized, coupled with the digital age after the slow standardization, coupled with the fact that now the digital age is slowly standardized, coupled with the fact that now the digital age is slowly standardized, coupled with the fact that now the digital age is slowly standardized, coupled with the fact that now the digital age is slowly standardized, coupled with the fact that now the digital age is slowly standardized, coupled with the fact that now the digital age is slowly standardized, because now the digital age is slowly standardized, coupled with the digital age of digital now, because of the digital age is actually now, because of the digital age, because of the digital age is actually now, because of the digital age of digital era, and because of the digital age, because of the digital age, because of the digital age is actually now, because of the digital era of digital era, because of the digital era is actually digital era, because of digital era, because of the digital era, because of the digital era is actually now, because of digital era, because of digital era of digitalization, because of digitalization, because of digital era, because of digitalization, because of digital era is now, because of the digital era, because of the digital era, because of digitalization, because of digitalization, because of the digital era is now, because of now, because of the digital now, because of now, because of the digital era, because of digitalization, because of now, digital now, because of the digital era, because of the digital era, digital era of now, digitalization, and now, because of digitalization, because of now, because of digital era, because of now, because of the digital era, because of the digital now, because of the digital era, because of now, because of the digital technology, because of now, because of the digitalization, because of the digital, digital, because of the digitalization, because of the digital now, because of the digital now, because of the digital now, digital now, digital now, because of now, digital now, because of the digital now, because of the digital now, digital now, because of the digital, digital, digital now, because of the digital, digital, digital, because of the digital, because of the digital now, because of the digital now, digital, digital, digitalization, is now, because of the digital, digital, Now, because now, because now, because of now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, even now, because now, because now, even now, because now, digital, because now, because now, also now, because now, because now, even now, because now, the digital, and because now, because now, the digital, and because now, because now, because now, the digital, and now, because now, because now, the digital, because now, because now, because now, because now, the digital, because now, the digital, because now, because now, the digital, because now, the digital, the digital, and now, because now, because of now, because of the digital, because now, the digital, because now, because now, the digital, and now, because, because of now, because of now, the digital, because of now, because of the digital, because, because of the digital, the digital, because of now, because of now, because of now, because, because, because of now, the digital, also now, because of now, because, because, because, because, because of now, because, because of now, because of now, because of the digital, because of now, because of now, because of the digital, because, because, the digital, because of now, and now, because, because of now, because of now, because of now, because of now, because of now, the digital, because of now, because, because, the digital, because, because, because, because, because, because of now, because, because, because, because, because, also, because, because, because, because, because, the digital, because, because, because, because, because, the digital, because of now, because, because, because of now, because, the digital, and because of now, because, also, because of now, because, because, the digital, because, because, the digital, because, because, because, because of now, because, the digital, because, because, because, also, because, the digital, and now, because, because of now, because, because, because, also, also, because, because, because, the digital, because, because, because, because, because, because, because, the digital, because, Now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, now, because now, plus now, plus now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, plus now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, now, now, now, plus now, now, plus now, now, plus now, now, now, plus now, now, plus now, now, now, plus now, now, now, plus now, now, plus now, now, now, now, plus now, now, now, now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, plus now, now, now, now, plus now, plus now, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, now, now, plus now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus now, plus now, now, now, now, now, now, plus now, plus now, now, now, plus now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus now, now, now, now, now, now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus, plus, plus, now, now, now, now, plus, plus, plus, plus now, plus now, now, now, now, now, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus Now, now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, plus now, because now, now, plus now, plus now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, plus now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, plus now, now, now, plus now, now, now, plus now, now, now, plus now, plus now, now, plus now, now, now, plus now, now, now, plus now, plus now, now, now, now, plus now, now, now, now, now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, plus now, now, now, now, plus now, plus, now, plus now, now, now, now, now, plus now, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus now, now, now, now, plus now, now, plus now, plus now, now, now, plus now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus, plus, now, plus, plus, plus, now, now, now, now, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, now, now, now, now, now, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus, now, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus,

The following are the re-arranged paragraph type transcripts:. At the end of the seventh year, it should be about the end of the seventh year, and it should be almost done. So, if the beginning of this year, the main sales of Poosa here will be from 2.5 5G, and the finished product will be changed to this part of the time. Of course, we will actively fight for some of the orders of these major European and American manufacturers.

In addition to the passive part, the passive part has just been mentioned. In fact, we are passive part of ourselves, we only have the company Ningbo plant, we have to do some, jump wiring and flashing part. So the main word, it is important to come from the data center part. The data center is the big part of the data center. So in the last three years, the total revenue of this part has been growing in multiples.

That is, from the previous about 1 billion, about 5 billion revenue levels. Then there are some other things, including interest rates and some parts of medical cooperation in biomedical, OCT light source modules, etc., we also have a number of contacts with customers. That is, some customers can supply these related to these different businesses to use.

It's not easy to put the pictures on the screen because we're actually supplying a large part of us, in fact, because some of them are confidential, so it's not easy for me to put it on the screen. That's the part that should be scratched from the network. That's usually the part that we're currently supplying to a large part of us, which is a bit like this. If you go to a machine room, basically these things are what we're supplying. For example, like a factory, maybe a piece of a machine, maybe a piece of a table, he might put some of these equipment inside.

In fact, many of these products, in fact, are only two years old, because in fact, your company's words alone, sometimes you have to develop some new products, or you want to expand some of them in different fields, is actually quite difficult.

So in the past two years, we've also been looking for something that might keep up with the downstream, or something that might be related to the product. But no matter what the strategic alliance is, or what the way it is, we're happy to expand our products in these areas. We can make the scope of our sales, and the scope of our business can be wider. So Gwangju, in fact, in terms of the vertical integration capabilities of the whole, is actually our advantage.

So, for the whole product, it is not difficult for us to go up and down and down. It is not difficult for us to make a vertical integration of the product. So the quality certification part, in fact, I think this part is because no matter if you have a patent, if you spend a lot of time, if you do not have a patent, it is a big loss to yourself.

In fact, each of our products, in the process of research and development, we will apply for patents in a timely manner. Then we see is 160, not only here, because I actually statistics here, there are updates in 2021, there should be about 200 parts. Then the actual patent is, there will also be some new products, continue to apply for patents. So for the whole 2024, in fact, 2024 is a very important indicator for our company.

So, of course, our company has always adhered to the principle that we have been operating, which is that the company is in fact always full, strong and conservative. The management of the company has also been in fact, very solid in operation. So, in the face of 2025, in fact, in fact, in 2025, the AI is the whole major, or the main melody of the entire market. So it is also the whole future, currently part of the entire economic market. So it is also a very important role. So I think 2025 2026, AI from some analysis of the market, survey, in fact, the AI is the mainstream.

So I think we may be, whether actively passive, light through the words of these products, in fact, I think the future, in 2025, in fact, if the demand of the current market, in fact, is still optimistic. Then there is another.

In 2025, in fact, if you say that the overall view of 2025, because I actually have some, because it is like a big data manufacturer, because it is not visible because we can look at the whole year, it is probably two quarters. If we look at the first half of the year, we feel that we are optimistic, because in fact, as we just mentioned in the first quarter of this year, we actually have reached about seven months of the year, and half of the time we have invested in synthetic technology. In fact, we have confidence in the second half of the year, we have some kind of cooperation.

That is probably the whole briefing of my company. I don't know what the problem is, thanks to the precision sharing of the management team. We are Q&A time, of course, before opening up the Q&A, we will have some questions, and the three questions for the management team to define, that is, three questions. The first one is to ask Guangsheng in the capacity series listed above, energy technology, and Hesheng technology, can be explained effectively and effectively. Yes, just mentioned at the end of the time that our investment is energy technology and hesheng, in fact, there are other houses.

If you want to know more about us, it is not only our three companies, but also our energy technology shareholders. In fact, it is also the four and five companies, I think everyone, and they are related to this industry, I think that everyone would like to invest in the future, and remember that the low-track satellite, shipping, the future is a new tomorrow star, I think this part, and some of his products are also we can play a big part, so we say that in addition to financial investment, in fact, there is a part of the cooperation in the product, I think this part is also helpful for our revenue contribution. That third part is to ask the current U.S. president, that is, after Trump has some tariff policies, how the impact on the company, and some related countermeasures of the company. Thank you, in fact, Mr. Trump was on the time, before he was elected, said that he should raise tariffs after he was elected, no matter who he was, that at that time it was said that it should be against China, because the U.S. East and the United States had a stronger relationship, but then he first went to Canada and Mexico.

We started our plan to set up a factory in the Philippines. That's actually what the Philippines set up a factory in. Why we chose the Philippines. First of all, the Philippines. If the enemy politics.

He is considered to be relatively beautiful in Southeast Asia. So maybe. So Trump may have a few at some point. Some of them are very, very rich.

But at least this is a relatively safe part of the Philippines. Then again, it is the Philippines. He actually told us about it.

We know that this place is relatively low. It is also lower than mainland China. So if there is a chance in the future, that is, after the whole plant is set up this year.

If the whole production capacity is moved to that place. Why is it for us all. The profit of the company is gross. It is also a big improvement. Tariffs section. What do we really think of the tariff policy?

As it is now, it looks like the current story. He targets all the other parts of the product. Of course, if the latter case does not exist, some suction units are not available.

I don't have any policies. I think we'll adjust them at any time. That's probably possible. If he has any policies at any time, I think we'll all respond in time. Because some mainland China say.

We are able to move back to the Philippines. Or China and Taiwan to hide in depth. I think this part of the tariff. We are also always in the process of adjusting.

It's also OK right now, it's not too much of a problem. Thanks for the three answers.