Here is a re-arranged paragraph-by-phrase transcript: Well, you are welcome to participate in today's online GIS conference. GIS is a smart display and interactive interface integration expert. The team we invite you to join us today is Spokesperson Lin Yuanping, CFO.

Well, is the Chief Financial Officer online? Yes, I'm online. Well, the Chief Financial Officer now gives you time. Well, thank you.

A quarterly report will tell you about our overall situation. That's what we're reporting for the fourth quarter of 2024 and for the whole year of our financial reporting for the month. That's the trouble briefing on the next page. Next page. Well, let's report the profit and loss statement for the fourth quarter of the year.

In the fourth quarter of 2024, revenue was relatively high for the entire four quarters of last year. Our revenue reached $202 billion. That's because the gross profit margin in the fourth quarter of our product portfolio was higher than in the third quarter due to the high turnover of one of the highlights and the relative loss of the product portfolio.

In addition, we also have a situation under which outside the industry, including government subsidies and exchange of interest income, as well as investment income, is more than 100 million. Our pre-tax interests are as much as possible in the fourth quarter to reach 338 million. That is, after deducting one of the relevant holding tax, we belong to the parent company's tax after the third quarter to try to reach 2.3 billion. Therefore, the EPS in the fourth quarter is 0.68 yuan.

The third quarter was 0.68 yuan 6. 0%. The operating rate was a small shock of 0.8%. The net interest rate came to 1.1%. So in the fourth quarter, in fact, in our fourth quarter, it was a loss from a loss in the third quarter and then moved to a profit in the fourth quarter.

That's what we're reporting here for the whole year of 2024. Our total revenue for 2024 was 699.86 billion, almost a small drop in revenue compared to the revenue of 713 billion in 2023. However, unlike the fact that in 2023, we're still trying to improve our total gross profit margin in 2024, which is a very big level. That's why gross profit in 2024 is 7.3% compared to gross profit in 2023.6% of us have a significant increase of more than 4 percent. That's why we've also reduced our gross profit in 2023 by 67 billion in 2024, and we're down to 55.3 billion in sales.

So, although the operating profit in 2024 is -40.01 billion, we are the same as the government subsidies and the interest on this investment will be taken into account. We have been working hard to make the most of the profits before the tax is $38.5 billion, which belongs to the parent company is $1.56 billion. So the total annual EPS is $0.46 billion. That is equivalent to the final tax loss in 2023 is 27.41 billion EPS-8.110 billion EPS-11 billion. Progress is actually relatively large. Of course, not satisfied, but the level is still very different from the level before 2023.

But at least that's what we've lost in 2023, and that's how we made a profit in 2024. That's the trouble. The part of that balance sheet that we saw on December 31, 2024 was actually $117 billion in cash on the balance sheet, but in reality we have nearly 1.4 billion in cash on other assets.

The entire structure of our financial balance sheet is not a significant change in the past quarters. Our entire financial structure belongs to a relatively healthy level. Then the trouble next. That in the condition of cash flow, we are part of the cash flow statement in 2024 cash flow is a 3.5 billion capital expenditure in 2024 is 2.1 billion of capital expenditure compared to the capital expenditure in 2023 less than 1 billion. So capital expenditure in 2024 2023 is a relatively low level in the past few years.

So the cash flow statement is classified into other parts. In fact, the cash flow statement does not fall apart with you in the BGR description. So the final part of the cash flow statement is 117 billion this is the expression of the cash flow statement. In fact, our real cash just said that there are 1.4 billion actually more than three months of the time deposit.

That's more than 2023. That's why one of our entire cash water levels is actually better than the structure of 2023. That's why we're busy with the next page. Well, this fourth quarter of our total revenue in the main products accounted for more than 7% of mobile phones.

So in the fourth quarter, it was 56 percent. The laptop and others were 37 percent. So the whole year 2024 phone accounted for 10 percent. The tablet accounted for 58 percent of the laptop and 32 percent of the other. So I added that compared to 2023, we were 14 percent in 2023, down to 10 percent by 2024.

The main reason is because the mobile phone originally in the original touch of the part of our international big customer's mobile phone. Because the whole product of the technology of a conversion, the part of that touch-only mobile phone has not been shipped anymore. After the first half of 2024, no longer shipped.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the user-provided verbatim and sort it into paragraph verbatim. First of all, I want to read the user-provided rules carefully to ensure that the user does not delete, does not rewrite, does not condensate anything. The user emphasizes that all sentences must be retained, so I want to check the verbatim to make sure that there are no omissions. Next, I will look at the verbatim fragments provided and notice that each entry has timestamps and content. My task is to reorganize these verbatim sentences in chronological order, while maintaining the order and integrity of the original sentences.

I need to identify which sentences belong to the same topic or to the same paragraph. For example, the parts about mobile phone shipping may include several consecutive sentences, while the parts of tablets and laptops may form another paragraph. At the same time, pay attention to the continuity of timestamps to ensure that the transition between paragraphs is natural.

For example, Lisa's questions and answers require segmentation, but sentences in each part cannot be deleted. Finally, check that the entire paragraph verbatim conforms to the requirements of the user, make sure that no sentences are missing, all content is arranged in the original order, and that paragraphs are logically separated. At the same time, note that the correctness of the format, such as the processing of timestamps and the use of punctuation marks, ensures that the final result is legible and readable.

That's why the parts of the mobile phone currently shipping are based on fingerprint recognition. So the classification is mainly based on fingerprint recognition. The tablet 58% of that tablet is actually not much different from that of 2023 60%. The comparison is a little more different than laptops and others. Because we are in 202.

In fact, the proportion of the delivery of laptops in 2024 is much higher than that of 2023. In other words, we also have cars and optics. Some of the other products are actually placed in a category of laptops and other parts. The relative revenue ratio is actually larger than the previous 2023.

The rest of this section we will continue to see that the relative proportion of revenue continues to rise. That trouble is on the next page. So again, we have a part of our future development strategy. That is to say that our entire touch display business has entered a more mature condition. Our company continues to be an optical module in the future.

It takes time. We also have a lot of cases where we are doing something with our customers. We have some of the investments that we have made in this part of the optical. That would want to combine some more projects. And then let's have a more future in this part of the optical business.

In other words, the business of fingerprint recognition is still growing. There is also a business in the car which is relatively stable in the past. That is, in both parts except the optical fingerprint recognition and the two parts of the car. We hope to have more revenue and the relatively high gross profit of the product. Thank you.

Well, that's all for the fourth quarter, and the whole financial year in 2024. That's a report with you. That's not something you don't know. Thank you, Chief Financial Officer. We're in QA time now. That's an advanced investment if you want to ask lean teams.

Please open the microphone and ask. Hello, I'm Lisa. I'm looking forward to the first quarter and 2025 here. Which product will you see grow more and more?

That's the reason why guests, or what new motives, thank you, Lisa, we may be targeted for the quarter. I think it's because of the quarter.

There will be a difference in the season factor for a quarter. So I don't focus on the quarter. So if I'm looking at it for 2025, what I'm looking at now. We're in the first part of this section identified in the fingerprint. In fact, it's relative to the business.

I'm sure it will be much more than 2024. It's mostly us. Whether it's an ultrasound or a capacitive block of a product application. There's a wide range of applications for more customers. And then there's the part in the car. And more.

It is more than one of the applications of a customer. It can gradually rise. It is a long process. We have seen it gradually. This car has been slowly slow.

It's also increased up. That's why. It's mainly about 2025. It's probably one of the two that's the main one. We're a little higher than 2024.

One of them is better than the other, and the other is better than the other.

I'm the boss. I'm a former Fuchi Dragon. Please ask us for the gross profit rate for the fourth quarter. I just mentioned that because the product portfolio is better. Then you'll see the Bredont of the revenue you've just received. There's no mention of seeing the fourth quarter.

Ah. The tablet and the laptop seem to have a better proportion of such a situation. That can let us know the three items. The current average gross profit margin is probably how much. So how to drive a gross profit margin of 8%. The last result.

Thanks for sharing with us. It's not easy to say very specific in the gross profit margin section. Which product is gross profit margin? But that's what I can report to you in our fourth quarter.

Gross margin rises to 8%. Compared to the third quarter of 6%. An increase of about 2% is a condition. Mainly the first one we have.

In the last four quarters of the entire year, revenues are the highest in the past. In fact, it is a situation in the past. In fact, it is relative to the fixed stall. There are also fees for fixed stalls in the gross profit margin section.

This includes the depreciation costs of these. The relative one, which will be more favorable to the company.

In other words, there is also the fourth quarter of the product portfolio. Especially in the case of a tablet and laptop high-end product. In comparison to the third quarter, or other quarters, we are.

The ratio of mid-to-high-end products to shipping is relatively large, so it helps us to have a level of performance in a gross profit margin in the fourth quarter. That's more than a report to you.

For capital funds in 2025. Capital expenditures are about $21 for capital expenditures mentioned in 2024. There is no change in the current plan for 2025. Can you share it with us? Thank you. We estimate it now in 2025.

This also requires the passage of the board of directors subject to the board of directors. That was the estimated capital expenditure that was previously seen. It would be much more than 2024. It would look about now. It would be about 30 billion to 30 billion a level between one and four billion.

That is to say, mainly we are. At the end of February, our board of directors also passed it. We did one thing in Vietnam. On that one set up plant and one action to expand the plant. So the whole announcement on the board of directors was a capital expenditure. In fact, there was even a situation that went up.

So the first is whether or not to spend in Vietnam. In other words, we continue to do one action in a future warehouse. This year will also be one in the next years. A relative capital expenditure of an optical product among customers. There will also be some relative actions in this year.

There are a few more. Some comparisons. Some capital expenditures that compare the nature of the maintain will also occur every year. So it mainly looks like this year is mainly Vietnam with that. Some capital expenditures that just talk about optical products.

There is no way to get a break down. That's how many numbers Vietnam and that optical are so different. I may not be comfortable with break down at the moment. What I can tell you is that the information that can be more public is in Vietnam.

A part of Vietnam we have announced last year is that it has been announced. That we have bought the land has been one of 1.1 billion buy-ins. The buy-in and the plant is the board of directors of last year. There is a announcement for the board of directors of last July. That another board of directors of that year in February of 20 has been announced. We will further expand the cost of a $1.7 billion of the plant.

So light Vietnam was approved last year with this year's board of directors. Overall, there were 20 billion dollars. Of course, these 20 billion actual cash flow will occur. Relatively, about 10 billion will occur this year. Well, about 10 to 15 billion it will happen this year.

Ok, so I haven't received any new questions. I have a problem with our online legal meeting today. So, our legal meeting will tell you a paragraph here. Thank you, Chief Financial Officer, for your participation today. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.

Thank you all.