The following is a re-arranged paragraph-by-word transcript:. Please feel free to subscribe and forward the feedback. Thank you for joining us in the first half of 2025. I am a spokesperson for the company. I will then report to the company on the operation status of the company in 2024 and the first quarter of 2025. If you have any further questions or have any other comments, you can post them in my report.

I will try my best to answer this. Thank you again. This report will contain four parts. The main results will be explained. Then there will be a description of the operation and a sales mix. And a roadmap to the next product.

Our total revenue in 2024 is NT$9,600 million. Our total revenue in 2024 is NT$9,600 million. This recession is about 18% compared to a $11.7 billion in 2023. The gap in that amount is about 2.1.5 billion.

This industry is very much affected by policy. It is especially in the welfare of this policy adjustment in mainland China. It is very easy to influence a plan of production and sales. Therefore, we have been in such a policy environment, and there is a plan of production and sales reduction. In addition to the long-term observation, the profitability of this series of products is relatively low. And in the supply chain, a smooth flow of cash flow and logistics is relatively inadequate.

In 2024, due to these multiple factors, we have made a strategic reduction in production. That is why we have impacted a revenue of around $200 million. In a scenario where revenue was down about 18%, our total gross profit in 2024 fell by 4%. That was basically flat compared to last year's 2023.

We believe that the difference between the following revenues is well prepared. Sorry, I can't find my data.

Well. That's the part of the erotic business expense, we're probably about 213 million in 2024. It's about $32 million less than 2023. This kind of thing is probably a decrease of 3.3%. That's the power of the expense album, we basically have a degree of production reduction. Good.

So, in terms of business losses, there are about 25 million more than last year. We have a calculation process in Q3 last year, we have a calculation process in Q3 last year, we have a calculation process in Q3 last year, we have a calculation process in Q3 last year, we have a calculation process in Q3 last year.

So the net loss before tax is about 46 million. That was about 80% compared to last year's 2023. That's because of the financial rule that the subsidiary's parent company's income is attributable to. Well, the EPR in 2024 is still a negative 1.94. That's a relatively significant improvement compared to the negative 2.91 in 2023.

So we see that Q1's revenue in 2025 is around 2.3 billion. That gross profit is 8%. That gross profit is probably an increase of 4% compared to 2024 and 2023. The main reason for that is because of the adjustment of sales tax.

We have set some goals to set marginal benefits. Well. For orders that are less marginal benefits, we have made a limit. Even a decision to stop a statement. Well. The results of this strategy will be fermented gradually this year.

Yes. The current EPS of Q1 is negative 0. 48. It has been slightly converged compared to the same period last year. Well, the results of Q1 this year will be gradually fermented. Good.

We see that we are going to get closer and closer. OK. This is the part of the comprehensive gain. In the case of BS, the situation is basically a little different. The debt ratio in 2024 has slightly decreased by about 2%.

The rest of the uh is not very different. That if we look at it for a long period, we can see that a comprehensive performance of 2024 is still much better than 2023. Well.

OK. We're going to talk about the part of the product sales portfolio. Well, from a product point of view, we can see that the ratio of our solar two collectives in 2024 decreased from three to five in 2023 to about five in 2023. That Q1 in 2025 decreased to two in five.

Well. That adjustment now accounts for a 42% increase from 2023 to 47.5% in 2024. Q1 has broken through half this year. Breakthrough is what I fell at 5:4-6. Ah. The adjustment should be relatively broad in the application field.

The impact of industry restrictions is relatively small. Well, he has actually been a main product of uh HOR before the rise of this photovoltaic industry, which is the solar industry. So we see that this distribution is relatively healthy now. Well, I've been talking about that protection component for two years.

Good. The sales erotic ratio was close to three parties in 2024. Good. That was until Q has broken through three times this year. It has come about three or three times. Now the profit of this series is good.

He is our Lord and Savior, and He is our Lord and Savior.

So we see that the main product of this photovoltaic industry is generally a recent star product to follow the development of efforts relative to the continuous increase of some of the small serial number and the normal secondary product treble situation is relatively stable that the profit performance is OK he belongs to a small water long-circuited product relatively wide application is similar to the industry-restricted risk of a relatively low overall proportion is close to about 20%. I think we are a relatively healthy proportion and will focus on some of the high automation type of product secondary body to promote OK This is the part of the product face that we look at the sales area again, it looks like China or the biggest, but the proportion is gradually reduced that in 2023 to 8 to 5 is in China's Greater China to 2024 when 70. If you are looking for a new product or service that is suitable for you, you may want to purchase a new product or service that is suitable for you. If you are looking for a new product or service that is suitable for you, please contact us. If you are looking for a new product or service that is suitable for you, please contact us. If you are looking for a new product or service that is suitable for you, please contact us. If you are looking for a new product or service that is suitable for you, please contact us. Where is the forcing ok slowing us back in about five months or ten years I see this because often there are two of our pay this circle and this abel ok This gate VIP in mushroom point can be Li a automotive sorry I began to say that this is Let the C learn who loves it and we will pay attention to the policy is stable so that we can determine the direction of the current effect is not very good. It is very obvious now that in the next few months we generally observe that the development of this year may be more conservative, but about 5% to 10% of this growth should also be seen that the macro body adjustment of the market trend is done to maintain a cautious and optimistic attitude, it is probably followed by a project of reports OK Next I will explain a direction of our department store next product in RD we will probably look for three years.

By 2022, our company will probably expect to produce a variety of patched car protection components by 2027. We currently have green parts on the screen, which range from SMV SOT 123 to 523, and DFN2510 to 1006, the package type TPS and ESD with a consistent diodes, as well as chip protection components. These are already in use on the control boards of the vehicle, mainly for other protections. This year, it is expected to produce STAYBACK ESD, which can protect the signal of high-speed transmission under lower pre-voltage protection.

The package is based on DFN2614 and DFN3719, which is a significantly improved sense of security compared to traditional CFP-based processes. In addition, it can be larger in contact area, so it can be put in a larger size wafer, so it can produce a larger power under the same volume. This is a solution for customers with ultra-micro needs.

This is for general motherboards, network equipment, and electric tools as a power switch. In addition, if the energy storage battery, it can also provide a protection. In addition, in the bridge pillow part, is the bridge rectifier, our main product part, we may be in the current planning is to join the detachment machine and quickly reply the two functions, according to the needs of customers in the line to follow up the development.

In addition, the 2200-volt high-voltage rectifier bridge has been gradually entered mass production, and we can provide solutions for the equipment with high power requirements. The third generation of semiconductors is the focus of the development of silica, the so-called biochemical shelf, we may put a little bit behind it. At present, the output is the digestive diodes of the silica structure, and the MOSFET of the silica structure. This high-power circuit used in harsh environments can provide a solution.

Thank you, Mr. Vice President. Now open to online investors to ask questions, welcome to take the time to cancel your silent mode, thank you. Do you have any questions? Do you have any questions about joints?

Weitere question, destinations, can like recursos,xa,acey. Vice president here there are investment legal persons on the message board, he said how to sort the application this year? This question is a bit wide, you mean that the company in 2025 this product sorting is right?

If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best products and services, we are looking for a company that can provide you with the best services. If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best services, we are looking for a company that can provide you with the best services. If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best services, we are looking for a company that can provide you with the best services. If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best services, we are looking for a company that can provide you with the best service.

Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.

1345. 60-1347. 92 If you have any other questions, please contact us. 1347. 92-1351. 24 That day forward Development Technology Co., Ltd. 1351. 24-1353. 80 The online legal person's explanation will be a paragraph of this. 1353. 80-1355. 08 Thank you, Vice President Chen. 1355. 08-1356. 36 Thank you, too. 1356. 36-1357. 90 Investment advanced participation.

1357. 90-1360. 20 Thank you for your message today. 1360. 76-1363. 32 Thank you all for your hard work. 1363. 32-1364. 60 Thank you.