[0. 00-8. 00] Thank you for attending the LGBTI Summit. [8. 00-11. 00] The Chief Financial Officer of the LGBTI Summit today is Zhang Ruiqian. [11. 00-16. 00] We will now hand over our time to the company to look beyond the company's operational outlook.

The following is a transcript of the rescheduled paragraphs: There are many singers in mainland China, such as T. E. T., Zhou Shu, Wang Yuan, etc. These are the works that are still performing this year. There are also other Chinese singers, such as Sun Yan-Zi, Five, May Day, Li Zhong Shengguang, etc. These are works that are still performing this year.

That part of the event special, according to the year of the year, the previous case will continue this year. Therefore, some activities before 2024 can be referred to as the amount of cases that may be undertaken this year. Then, let's talk about the financial overview. Business income from the epidemic and then to this year's 2024 revenue to $3.1 billion this year. The experience of the year is 2.84 billion. That is the state of this year's revenue.

In the first quarter of this year, the revenue of B-IN was $7.8 billion, and the first quarter of that year was $1.8 million. The revenue of this year was $4.8 billion, with the operating gross margin of 8.55%. Then the final experience was $1851 million, and the EPS was 0.23.

The B-IN core Niche is designed to make our service hardware and hardware integration with creative design and hardware engineering. We are looking forward to more efficient connection with each value point under one-stop service. It is looking forward to more efficient connection with each value point under one-stop service. Then create the maximum value of shareholders. Thank you for sharing the company's briefings, then for QA time to bother everyone to pay attention to our network. Thank you for the company's sharing of briefings, then for QA time to pay attention to our network.

Please help me to raise my hand. Please help me to raise my hand. The base venue Revenue YY has grown up in Cosmodrom, which is better than it was last year. I can share it. Well, there are projects in the first quarter of this year, because some of the concerts he performed overseas, such as the United States and Australia.

There are a number of special props that need to be transported so there is a very high international shipping cost in this project. Therefore, the gross profit rate of this project will be reduced. There is another mention that the majority of artists traveling around New Town Street, where the soldiers are responsible for the artist's tour, started in April. Then, most of the artists who are already on the tour, also started singing from April this year.

This part leads to a decline in gross profit margins in the first quarter. That has been back to normal since April. Is there anything else to ask? Yes. Please tell us how we got around a few percent this year. Then there's a concept number that compares to the number of sessions this year or how this is really going to be a revenue scale this year.

In December last year, we had an interview with our CEO, Zhou Yu, about 89,800 events. What is the meaning of the so-called 89,800 shows? It is difficult to explain what is the so-called artist's concert tour, of course, there are also some activities such as the New Year's music season or some of the equipment director of some in-house video shows.

However, the number of cases continues to increase. You see that some of the artists who just mentioned the concerts are only part of the tour. There are some new artists that have not been announced yet. So this year's performance and revenue will be better than last year's.

It is the trend of the concert. Is it the market? It is the market. It is the market from the beginning, it is from the beginning, after the pandemic, watching the concert market. In fact, you will find that after the epidemic, whether it is Taiwan China or any other place.

Then, like last year, Taylors was the only concert in Singapore where he took Taylors alone. That was the only concert in Asia this year in which she took Lady Gaga. That's why she did this. That's why she wanted to get her travel revenue and travel bonuses. In this state, he was able to rent free of charge.

He is free of ticket to the draw. Those who even have some government units to travel together, they will also help with those units.

So, see the state of last year's COPRATE, Martian, and Wang Hong K-Rock, these international artists will come, privately hosted the venue, which is actually for concerts, economy, that is, economic dividends. So, the mainland is also, in fact, mainland China, some, mainland China actually put that concert as a base point for tourism recovery. So, most local governments in fact, will do some, tax festivals, and maybe even some, tax concessions, these are actually the state of the mainland's economy of the concerts.