Mr. Zhang Mingzhu, Mr. Li Ruilong, Mr. Cheng Shiwei Finance Director, Mr. Cheng Shiwei, Mr. Cheng Shiwei Finance Director, Mr. Zhang Mingzhu, Mr. Li Ruilong, Mr. Cheng Shiwei Finance Director, Mr. Cheng Shiwei Finance Director, Mr. Zhang Mingzhu, Mr. Li Ruilong, Mr. Zhang Shiwei Finance Director, Mr. Zhang Xuelong, Mr. Zhang Shiwei, Mr. Zhang Shiwei, Mr. Zhang Shiwei Finance Director, Mr. Zhang Shiwei, Mr. Zhang Mingzhu, Mr. Zhang Mingzhu, Mr. Li, Mr. Li Ruilong, Mr. Li, Mr. Li, Mr. Zhang Shiwei, Mr. Zhang Shiwei Finance Director, Mr. Zhang, Mr. Zhang Shiwei, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chen

In the previous part of the previous part of the first part of the first part of the fourth quarter of the year 113 to do a brief explanation. First of all, the first part of the fourth quarter of the year 113 to see the operating costs of the whole year. In the fourth quarter of the year 113, our operating revenue is 200,000 yuan, the operating expenses of the first half of the fourth part of the first part of the year is 15,000 million yuan, the revenue and profits of the external income is 649 million yuan, the income and profits of the first part is 358 million yuan, the net profit of the parent company is 358 million yuan, and the EPS of the single quarter is $0.76.

This is because the overall price of the product is slightly lower in terms of order volume in the year 113, and the finished product is also a little more impact here, so the profit in the whole Q4 and the whole year is slightly less than last year's performance. OK, the next part of this part of this part of this part of the chart is about to talk about the financial situation here. So in the fourth quarter of the year, we will still have a lot of effort in the space, and our Q4 here is a little bit down compared to the previous quarter.

The current balance of our current balance sheet in the financial structure is 10.18. The main here or look at our current balance sheet in the financial structure of the year last year, the current balance of our current assets is 15,660 million yuan at the end of 113, where the cash and approximate cash part is 5,358 million yuan, and the financial assets measured through the other key gains and losses here there are 2,73632 million yuan, in the inventory part is 2,6685,000 yuan. The amount of non-infrared assets is relatively high, that is 3,148 million yuan, which compared with the current period here there is a decrease, the reason is when Q4 there is a division of our property, so the amount of the amount of the real estate equipment in the real estate industry has decreased.

The net cash flow of our business activities in the next part of the cash flow is 2003918 million yuan, the net cash flow of our investment activities is 11.212 million yuan, the net cash flow of our investment activities is 11.2 million yuan, the net cash flow of our current cash and monthly cash increase is 11.912 million yuan, the net monthly cash flow of the current period is 11.912 million yuan, 11.912 million yuan, then the cash flow of the end of the cash flow is 500 yuan. The main investment activities of the cash increase or because the cash flow of the disposal of real estate brought in here, the cash flow of the cash flow is reduced because the amount of dividends of the 113 year is less than this year, and then we have a small amount of short borrowing, so the amount of the cash flow of the cash flow of the proceeds of the activity is reduced.

In the fourth quarter of 2020, the revenue was 11% less than the fourth quarter of last year, and of course, the main reason was that the market and stock area were relatively slow, and the visibility was relatively conservative, so the revenue and profits of the previous year were relatively reduced. The overall industry, although there are some positive trends, but the impact of geopolitical, the overall economic policy impact is still somewhat uncertain. It is expected that the overall industrial recovery in the first half of 2020 is still to be observed, so we can maintain a cautious and optimistic attitude, based on this year's revenue and profit performance will gradually increase, and it looks like this part.

This year, we will continue to focus on the development of smart water buoyant modules in Q1, which means that we are actively working with our customers in the development of the two major products, and we also want to have some stronger efforts to strengthen our overall performance so because we will actively deploy the Vietnam production line because of the needs of our customers and the risk of dispersing production, and now we have to build the Vietnam production line and obtain the verification of important customers through this part of the current stage of our market, the future of Vietnam production is an important base for our company in Southeast Asia.

This is the first time that we have been able to do this, we have been able to do this for a long time. This is the first time that we have been able to do this for a long time. This is the first time that we have been able to do this for a long time. This is the first time that we have been able to do this for a long time. This is the first time that we have been able to do this for a long time, so we have been able to do this for a long time. This is the first time that we have been able to do this for a long time.