The following is a re-arranged paragraph type transcript:. Welcome to Yongmeng KY to participate in the legal conference of Fengyuan KY. Fengmeng KY is a paper-based company listed on Yongmeng KY Fukushima. In 2024, under the company's leadership, the company also paid very bright transcripts.

I am the spokesperson for Wind Source KY, and the chief financial officer, I am Mr. Zhu Mingwei. Today, I thank you for your hard work, and I would like to exchange some information with you at Wind Source Group. I would like to introduce to you that this is the Chief Operating Officer of our Wind Source Group, Mr. Cai Qing. Mr. Cai is responsible for the operation of our company, some new customers, especially US-based customers, and the internal operation of the relevant company is responsible by Mr. Cai. I am the Chief Financial Officer of Wind Source Group, and I am the Minister of Finance and Ministry of Finance.

Today I'm going to make some introductions to doing business with you, here's the thing, we're also an external interview, so this section has some of your statements, so please pay attention to this part. The information we have on this site is that we now have some of the figures for some of the future outlooks, but we don't do anything to guarantee that this regime or the overall happiness of this financial information. Thank you. Today we're going to be the company's chairman, we're going to be the company's chairman for the first time, we're going to be the company's chairman. But we still try to communicate with you about some of the company's situation.

Today, the whole of agenda is probably like that, first of all, because we may have some colleagues advanced, maybe we know our company in the market, maybe the first time we will communicate with us, then I will introduce our company first, our company's chairman is also the creation of the company, we create the company is Mr. Cai Minda Cai, he is a Taiwanese family of lovely.

Our main middle-customer division is Asia and the Americas, and now Europe is slowly increasing. This is a history of our past, we started to do office in 1997, and then until 2003, we set up N-LONG, the largest base now is N-LONG. In 2007, we made custom suitcases, then we set up N-JET, then we became one of the major suppliers of Japanese well-known suppliers in 14 years, as well as a priority supplier of Nordic famous furniture brands. We then went on to the Taiwan Stock Exchange on April 25th, then we launched our new production base in Thailand in 03 years, and N-THAI officially put into production in Thailand.

This is a stagnant situation in 2020 and 2022, and we can see that this is a stagnant situation in 2020 and 2020, so the whole of 2020 is a stagnant situation, in 2021 the epidemic in Europe and the United States may be slightly weakened, so the part of Europe and the United States first is a recovery. So in 2021 the amount of trade in furniture in Europe and the United States, the amount of furniture industry is rising, and of course, 2022 another industry relationship, etc., there are inflation factors to start in 2023 another relatively large situation, mainly due to inflation. In 2023, the furniture market is a relatively large recession more than a year, is close to two-digit recession, that 2025 and 26 years later, it may be relatively conservative compared to the global trade aviation series.

In fact, they have produced this part of the output, so most of its consumption is from the import point of view, from the import, so we included in our Taiwan economy is a lot of consumption, so we included in our Taiwan's economy is a lot of consumption, so we included in our Taiwan's peers, most of which will be the largest market in the United States, including our other listed counterparts, it is mainly them, the largest part of the production is China, which is 36%, that is in the United States part is 12%, India is 5%, and the rest is less than 5%. So China is the largest exporter, that is afraid to be below 2%, but since 2018, the entire global supply chain has been reorganized, China accounted for more than one-third of the total cost, in fact is not what we expected so much, mainly or its supply chain, the most of its supply chain is the most complete, even the overall cost.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the text fragments provided by the user, sorting them into paragraph texts. First, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to make sure that the task is fully understood. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten, or condensed into any one sentence, so it is necessary to maintain the integrity of the original word. Next, I will check the provided text texts in a manner that pay attention to the corresponding sentences for each timestamp. In the example given by the user, some sentences may belong to the same subject or logically coherent part that needs to merge them into paragraphs. For example, data about China exports, Vietnam and Poland, as well as the high-end furniture part of Italy, may need to merge into a paragraph to maintain the contextuality.

For example, from discussing the proportion of exports to product features, to supply chain and production sites, these parts may need to be segmented, but to make sure that the sequence of sentences inside each paragraph is correct. In addition, the user mentioned "permanently worded" may mean that each timestamp corresponds to a separate sentence, so it is necessary to identify which sentences are semantic and semantic and can be combined into paragraphs to provide more complete background information. For example, the description of Jiaxing production sites, including the area, the number and capacity, can be combined into a paragraph to provide more complete background information.

For example, about the supply chain, the description of upstream, midstream, downstream needs to be presented in a consistent manner, and the logistics advantage and capacity data about Thailand's production base needs to be integrated into the same paragraph. Finally, after the initial draft, I will read the whole paragraph verbatim to confirm that there is no missing any sentences, all the contents are arranged in logical order, and in accordance with the user's requirements. At the same time, check the format is correct, the timestamp accurately corresponds to ensure that the final output verbatim is both in line with the user's needs, and is easy to read and understand.

The main export I can see is that this China still accounts for 36%. The latter is like some labor costs are relatively low, like Vietnam accounting for 9% and Poland accounting for 7%. It is only Italy that it is relatively possible to lose more, Italy may be high-end furniture, its design and its brand is relatively leading in the world. So it is, and many of it is made in its own country, so its output value, export output value or sales value, or can account for the global penguins.

Vietnam has been eating this China's one-to-one, China's one-to-one. This is a sample of some of our main products, from the leather sofa to the chair, like a leisure chair or a dining chair, a butterfly chair, and then like the middle of this functional sofa, we also have production products, including beds, which are mostly in addition to the bed, most of the living room, these indoor furniture in Living Room.

We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. If you continue to browse, you accept the use of cookies on our site. See our cookies policy for more information.

We now have about the number of people, which may not be more recent, and we can now have about 1700 people. We can produce, can reach 1.5 million sets of people. The main feature of our Jiaxing is that this is a large production of a water quality, the main specialty is the largest European brand of customers.

We talk about chairs, chairs, chairs, chairs like we're wearing right now, like clothes, this is like a chair. But the sofa because its fabric contains linings, contains these materials, it is necessary to spend more labor than we do in the suit. So we often talk about the sofa outside the clothes it is like a suit, it is relatively complex. Then a suit may contain these linings, including the number of pieces, a little like the one of our sneakers, it takes a lot of things to form together.

But if this is the case, we can do this in line production. That's one of our characteristics. And because of this change in the supply chain throughout the world, we are in Thailand, and we are in Thailand. At present, our war zone is about 12 million pings, and the number of people is about 500 pings. Now we can probably do it, and standard sofas can make 35 pings. That's probably the advantage of it, as long as we are against these countries, tariff shelters, tariff shelters, we can make production in Thailand, disperse or trade war risk.

This is one of the major partners of our group, the largest bank in Asia, 37% in Asia, and then the second largest bank in Asia, 37% in North America and South America, which is mainly concentrated in North America, about 33% in Europe, and about 23% in the rest of the world.

So, our customers, the distribution of the mid-term customer market is relatively decentralized, which is also our strategy, or the nature of our customers, that is, because we are global customers, so his mid-term customers have actually done a dispersion. So, compared to other peers, we do not focus on a single market.

Here is a transcription of the rescheduled paragraph type: Because our customers are relatively confused, here is a report of a situation in which we have been operating for the past four years. From revenue above we have from 41 billion in 2021 to this year we should have made nearly 5 billion of this revenue by 2024. This is, of course, mainly in addition to the recovery of the global market, but also in addition to the expansion of our new customer orders.

Gross profit is also accompanied by the growth of this part of the revenue, which is that the gross profit margin of our new customers is actually higher than that of our old customers. Therefore, the total gross profit and gross profit is the highest in the history of NT$91. In terms of business benefits, our expenses are either controlled or controlled by operating expenses. So the overall business profit is also up to 471 million after tax, we have made 47 million.

The overall return on equity is now 24.46, and I think it's the result that's relative to what we're doing. That's what we've seen over the past few years on this chart. Here's a list of our levels where we can see a few of the percentages of our current assets' entire current or debt ratios we're about 36%.

The main advantage here is that we do not have a complete foam production line in the main cabinet of the sofa factory, we have a complete foam production line in addition to the foam production line, etc. The foam production line is controlled by our company. Therefore, the foam is actually the most important part of the foam production line in the sofa, and the foam production line is controlled by our company. Therefore, the foam production line is the most important part of the foam production line in the sofa, and we also have our own formulation and can be the most suitable for the needs of our company.

We are also very close to our main subject. So this is some of the advantages of our products. The advantage of this part is that we have always been moving towards this direction for automation. The traditional sofa we just talked about more than 100 parts and then we need to stick and assemble with the nail and glue and then the volume is really relatively large.

In the future, our direction may be like this module or moving group of suitable sofa material, so the number of parts may be significantly reduced by more than 50% of this other material will be less than the overall shipping fee will be lower. Here I am with the customer's relationship, for example, the delivery rate and the cabinet rate is more than 90% of the delivery accuracy is 98%, which is the most sticky part with our customers.

In the future, we will try to increase the proportion of our modularity as much as we can, just as we are now in the shape of our car, we are a shared brand concept. We are also using a shared frame we go in this direction. Another direction of material standardization is a automation production we just mentioned earlier we want to reduce the proportion of the entire workforce, but what we need to do from this logistics we hope to do is of course, we want to expand the number of items shipped by our customers can increase the utilization of this entire container.

In the North American market, of course, we have been in the North American market in recent years, but we are more confronted with some of the problems of tariffs here. However, we continue to develop this beauty line of customers' orders only for the purpose of our production base is to move elsewhere. That capacity, in addition to the mainland factory, we are more and more single-person ratio in Thailand street.