The following is a rescheduled paragraph transcript: Mr. Good Morning. Welcome to today's Fubon Investment Forum. Today we are honored to invite the management of the Lai Yick Group to come here and invest with you.

The evolution of advanced very formulas. Then we will hand over the time to Jerry. Hello everyone. Let's first talk about the basic situation.

In March 2025, there were about 68,000 people. The number of people will be increased for a short time. The company is currently expanding. The focus of this year is Vietnam and Indonesia. The Indonesian factory is the expansion of the whole plant.

Ichi factory was started mass production last year. It will continue to grow this year. There is another part of Ichi factory. Ichi right factory is a factory with 10 million years production of Aida on the right side. This part is built this year. Then I hope to be able to complete the construction in the first half of next year.

Then you can start the mass production of the uniform. That is the part of the fabric factory. There are now several pieces of land. It may be the last row. It will only be shipped down. At present we have a few pieces of land.

This is probably the case. The most demand right now is focused on the needs of both Hoka and Eddiedas brands. So the future expansion is also an action to continue to expand the needs of both brands. One of the types of our products is falling into this basketball shoes, tennis shoes, waterproof shoes, trendy shoes and jogging shoes.

Of course, the vast majority of the proportion is falling to the trendy shoes and jogging shoes. The trendy shoes can be Edida's proportion is mostly the Edida's portion is a combination of basketball and tennis plus trendy shoes. This is probably the case. The jogging shoes are based on Hoka's proportion. Basically, they are Hoka.

Here you can see some comparisons made in the Edida part of the series. What is one of the more famous styles. From here you can see. You can see. The Arginus series is the first, Samba, Casell, Cubus, StanceMix, and so on.

There are Hooks, H, and so on. Base Gidbel has AE1, V1, and the second half is likely to launch AE2 generation. OK. That Commerce part.

There are so many classics out there. You should love them. For example, Jack Tyler and Jack 17 are the shoes that compare old school. The lazy shoes we do. The part of the pop shoes that does this is the part of the higher bottom. The lower part.

This is the pair of shoes that will be combined with the addition of the button and the refrigerated sticker. Solim, Asahi, Horahia, Skyflow and so on.

Then Z-Wave's running shoes Charioteer. MetaFit. There is also a section of the glossy shoes, Kaha, etc. Then take the ring shoes that run. These shoes.

They are all part of the shoe we make. The part of the process. Basically the thing that refuels the shoe. It is the difference in this red part. Other processes are similar. The main part of the purchase.

We added three of Pattitas or Pagan Commerce. Basically, it reached a judgment value of about 98%. The rest of them wanted to wait for their continued turmoil. Here you can see that 25-year Q1 is in the inverse. Alidas is 56. 39. Commerce is 14. 31.

Then the portion of Hooks is 26. 80. You see the portion of Hooks. Basically it is maintained above 25. The proportion of Hooks in the second quarter will continue to rise.

As you can see, revenue is around 24.6%. That's gross profit margin. It's the part that fell by 1. 54% of YY. That's 1.5 percent if you keep up with the quarter. That's mainly due to the problem with the product portfolio.

And then the product portfolio. That gross profit margin fell. This image showed a rise in the number of pieces of supplies in the first quarter. This is the two factors. That operating expense rate. We kept up with a 1.5 percent decline in the year.

That's down to 0.91. Down to 6.85. Then the absolute figure is about $6.59 billion. The price of supply is $96 billion. The percentage of our operating expenses is not high.

The OBIMart stock market was at 10.74%. The net interest rate was 9.63% after the entire tax. That belongs to a net profit of the sports company. This year there was a growth of 23.27%. Then EPS also had a growth of 23.68.

Here you can see. This is a trend from the past to the present. Good. Shipping proportion part. Here you can see that 23 24 Vietnam part is rising. Because of China's decline.

The 25-year increase in the printing industry. Vietnam has declined, so basically the printing industry has risen to 5%.

Then it will go to 7% 12%. It will be like a change in the next few years. It will always go up slowly. Well, the area where we sell is more. You see that the area we sell the most is 37% in Europe. 31% in the United States.

Asia 18%. The Americas excluding the United States is 11%. It is likely that such a share of sales. Well. Then another part of the shipment is. The first quarter has reached about 1868. 9%.

We are mainly sneakers. About 86% 87%. The price of the sneakers has continued to increase. It is mainly due to the increase in the proportion of HOKA. One of it will lead to an increase in the average ASP.

So ASP is slowly increasing. Good. ESG is the part. Let's take a look at it. The environmental protection part has invincible solar doors. The world's second largest inland.

Then there is an electric vehicle transport.

Then there is waste water treatment, and then in this community section, there is community care, our military and construction, etc. In the corporate governance section, we have a good relationship with the trade unions, there are a variety of mouth-watering channels, and then several reception of the heads of state. Then in the section of the item, each brand gives us a lot of heads. Above, this is a brief description of the basic information.