[0. 00-5. 00] Please do not imitate. [5. 00-7.72] Our guests are welcome at noon. [7. 72-11.36] Before the formal announcement of our performance meeting, we will first report to our guests and investment advances on the risk disclosures required by laws and regulations, and supplement the disclosures. [11. 36-14. 12] A brief description of our industry operations and other important risk issues. [14. 12-18. 24] An industry risk, one of our personnel is intensified.

[18. 24-21. 56] The post-pandemic demand for tech talent is changing and will have a long-term impact on the tech industry. [21. 56-24.42] The cooperation between startups and emerging tech companies has made a lot of strenuous progress with traditional tech companies, especially tech software services professionals. [24. 42-27. 04] Many multinational companies have also set up offices in Taiwan to recruit talents with high salary. [27. 04-29. 80] Two operational risks, one advertising price fluctuates, two centralized risks, three exchange rate risks, and three other important risks. [29. 80-31.42] The Company has the ability to mitigate these risks by adopting various operational measures. [31. 42-33. 92]

[33. 92-36. 20] On 21 November 1113, the first word of the Taiwan Stock Exchange No. 121801400 was added to the disclosure. [36. 20-40. 06] The risk control mechanism for the purchase and sale of personal finance installment installment loans is appropriate. [40. 06-42. 72] Please refer to the announcement of the company's information station for corporate governance and corporate social responsibility. [42. 72-45. 24-48. 66]

[52. 52-55. 62] We are very happy to have you here today. [55. 62-56. 70] Startups. [56. 70-57. 02] Cooperation with the emerging technology industry. [57. 02-57. 04] Cooperation with the emerging technology industry. [57. 04-60. 08] Working hard with traditional technology companies. [60. 08-63. 86] Particularly technology service industry talents are more attractive.

[63. 86-67. 04] Many multinational companies have set up offices in Taiwan to recruit talents. [67. 04-69. 40] Two operational risks. [69. 40-71. 12] One advertising price fluctuates. [71. 12-73. 86] Three exchange rate risks. [73. 86-76. 40] Three other important risks. [76. 40-78. 52]

[78. 52-81. 48] In response to the above-mentioned risks, the Company has adopted various operational measures, so the Company has the ability to reduce risk. [81. 48-83. 72] Please issue a copy of the open prospectus or update the information of the new shares of the public information observation station to the cash increase. [83. 72-85. 10] On 21 November 1113, the word 121801400 on Taiwan Stock Exchange, including the requirements of the board of directors of the Taiwan Stock Exchange and the Listing Review Committee to supplement the disclosure. [85. 10-87. 02] The risk control mechanism of personal finance instalment trading as at the most recent three years and as the most recent changes in the performance, is appropriate. [87. 02-90. 26] Please refer to the public prospectus for corporate governance and corporate social responsibility.

[92. 66-97. 78] A copy of the public prospectus for the issuance of new shares by the Company's cash increase. [97. 78-102. 38] GoGoLook's announcement of the listing results will be officially launched. [102. 38-107. 50] We are very happy to have investors in the Taiwan Stock Exchange today. [107. 50-111. 14] We are very happy that we still have investors in the Taiwan Stock Exchange today. [111. 14-117. 00]

[121. 86-127. 00] Please also call the guests of the famous can rise up and wave the mind. [127. 00-131. 34] First, let us warmly welcome the general manager of Taiwan Stock Exchange Li Ai-ling. [131. 34-137. 22] Welcome the general manager of Li. [137. 22-141. 06] Welcomes you. [141. 06-145. 16] Next, welcome the general manager of Yuanta Securities Guo Mingzheng. [145. 16-151. 30]

[151.1 30-157. 44] Welcome. [157. 44-161. 54] We also have our accountants. [161. 54-167. 68] Continue to introduce Vice Chairman of Yuanta Bank Zhou Xiaolin. [167. 68-173. 06] Applause to our Zhou Vice Chairman of the Board, thank you Li Lin. [173. 06-179. 26] and Yuanta Securities Lin Peichen Executive Vice President. [179. 26-183. 36] Welcome to us.

[183. 36-187. 44] Our Executive Vice President. [187. 44-191. 68] There are also many VIPs who are here today and we are very grateful that we are not able to have a single name here, but we are here to thank everyone who has partnered with you. [191. 68-197. 94] Thank you. [197. 94-203. 00] First, we welcome Co-Founder and Chairman of Cheng Sheng-Feng. [203. 00-207. 14] Next, our Co-Founder and CEO, Guo Jian-Fu.

[213. 26-219. 40] Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer, Song Zhenghuan. [219. 40-225. 60] Please welcome the Chief Operating Officer. [225. 60-231. 74] and our Chief Financial Officer, Yu-Wen Huang. [231. 74-237. 90] This is because all the guests of today's occasion invited us to come to Taichung for a big photo. [237. 90-243. 04] First of all, we would like to invite the Go Look management team. [243. 04-247. 20] Please contact us.

[247. 20-251. 34] There is also our Managing Director of Taiwan Stock Exchange. [251. 34-255. 50] Yes, please. [255. 50-259. 64] The Managing Director of Yuanta Securities Guo Mingzheng is also invited to join our joint venture. [259. 64-263. 90] Of course, there is also the CPA of Credit Union Accounting firm, Mr. Ng, Po-Ju. [263. 90-269. 04] Please come to the table together. [269. 04-273. 20] Go Look re-listed its pre-IPO results today.

[273. 20-277. 40] We want to leave a picture full of commemoration and meaning. [277. 40-283. 54] Yes, guests can first look at the photographer in front of this formal feeling of our first. [283. 54-289. 70] 321. [289. 70-293. 90] Let's help next. [293. 90-297. 10] Live. [297. 10-299. 40] Can smile.

[299. 40-301. 60] Yes. [301. 60-303. 80] Very good. [303. 80-305. 10] Applaud our guests again. [305. 10-309. 30] Here I would like to ask General Manager Lee Ai-ling of the Taiwan Stock Exchange to help us to stay on the stage for a later speech. [309. 30-313. 50] We would also ask other members of the management team to come back to our seats first. [313. 50-319. 70] We would like to start our GoGo Look listing today.

[319. 70-323. 90] Let's welcome the general manager of Taiwan Stock Exchange Li Ai-ling to support the kick-off. [327. 00-331. 20] Yes. [331. 20-335. 40] It's nice to know that the CEO of GoGo Look has the CEO of Guo and the management team of the company. [335. 40-339. 60] The general manager of Yuanta Securities also has the vice president of Yuanta Bank. [339. 60-343. 80] And the vice president of Peizi and the vice president of Shumei.

[343. 80-349. 00] There is also this team of Yuanda. [349. 00-353. 20] It is important that we are the accountants of Guo and Wu. [353. 20-357. 40] It is a pleasure to be invited to Go Look today to participate in the innovative version of our listing. [361. 60-361. 80] It is very good. [365. 80-369. 00]

[369. 00-371. 20] Because we all welcome you in our listed family. [371. 20-373. 40] That's really a day when startups gather together. [373. 40-375. 60] I'm just going to go to GoGo Look this afternoon from the company with eight AI-related companies. [375. 60-379. 80] That makes me think that this innovative company in Taiwan's board of supervisors, our e-exchange, we help companies from the very beginning. [379. 80-383. 00] It means that in the early stages of growth of innovation, we hope that we can help him before he can apply. [383. 00-385. 20] After that the entire company's operations can go to the next level.

[385. 20-387. 40] We all know that Taiwan is a science and technology island. [387. 40-391. 60] But in fact, I usually add two more words to it in front of me. [391. 60-395. 80] Science and technology island. [395. 80-399. 00] It is of course not only hardware and software. [399. 00-401 20] So the hardware and firmware of this software, together with firmware, formed the science and technology island. [401 20-403. 40]

[403. 40-405. 60] You see that you really are going to work with a hardware company to tell the truth is his revenue is relatively large, so you will think. [405. 60-409. 80] The hardware company is relatively easy to enter the capital market. [409. 80-410. 00] Because it is relatively easy to make a profit from the scale. [41. 00-414. 20] It is not easy for software companies to enter the capital market itself. [414. 20-416. 40] Then you see what the mainstream now is the application of AI and the bombing. [416. 40-420. 60] Then it is not easy for software companies that can bomb the combination with AI.

[420. 60-423. 80] Let's take a look at who's call from Google Look just right. [423. 80-427. 00] It's all in line with this part. [427. 00-431. 20] And then it's the software company I just talked about with Huixian.

In fact, the software company in Taiwan has to go out to sea. It is not easy to say. It is not easy to go out to sea. It is not easy to go out to sea.

So it's not easy to just mention that CEO today. It's a long way from Thailand. That's because the software company wants to go out of the country. It's really not easy for us to understand the local, especially the bombing of this thing. So we're going to look at Google Look.

I think it was a different stage of development after entering the innovative version. It started in Taiwan. Then we are in Thailand now. This download in Thailand, Hoodscore, is over 6.6 million. It was just mentioned that the software is not easy to get out of the sea. There is another easy thing to do next.

It's really hard to do 2C and 2B. It's really hard. 2C 2C is OK. But it's really different to 2B.

The technical barrier is different. So today I'm going to come to the scene because of that. We need to support our smart software in Taiwan. Professional service companies. Besides, he also has the ability to go to sea.

We went overseas. Thailand. Malaysia. Japan. I believe there will be more areas in the future. Wait for our Google Look team to open up. That's all.

I believe that we are in a political ideological exchange in Taiwan. It is very important. Political ideological exchange. So I believe that we are. It is very important. Political ideological exchange.

So I believe in us, it's very important, politically, so I believe in us, it's very important. Politically, politically, it's very important.

But that's in the service. How we make our company international at some level of management. Whether it's ESG, or we're in it. It's important. This part of the legal person's responsibility to invest and so on.

We believe that Taiwan's political ideological exchange can definitely be provided to you. No worries. It's really nice that we can have such a company in Taiwan. Yes, it's an international stage. So we hope it is.

We offer a platform for Taiwanese politicians. We want to be listed on these platforms. In this way, we can be on the international stage. Let everyone be in the talent section of the domestic and foreign countries. Or the investor section.

Even potential customers can see the responsibility of these people, these companies, and recognize the recognition, but I will always mention when I usually support them. Our business operates.

You can't use low-paying. The competitiveness of the creation company is absolutely not. We want to see how we treat our employees as employees. The company is very important assets, whether tangible or intangible.

Team building together. One of the things that really works for a company is that it's a very important motivator for growth in the future. That's why I believe in GoGo Look.

We see Him as He is, and we see Him as He is. Jackie is the creator, but you are also an employee.

It was just a change in identity in the past. But I believe. Your mental thoughts still work together with your staff. I really appreciate GoGo Look for this way. It really isn't that easy, especially when fighting.

It's important. That's what I believe. That's what I'm going to say in the future. The space is quite large.

This is the way to use AI. How to do it. Here is a more accurate and early way to prevent and so on. I think it is important for society. It is important to influence the face and the value face. Thank you again for joining this GoGo Look today.

He turned to this before the general version of the listing. Performance briefings. The company's words are also on the stock exchange. Will also be able to moderate enough to communicate with investors in a sufficient manner. Because we have a great application level in the future development of AI.

Therefore, Taiwan Securities Exchange will play a good role in our platform. Let our listed companies be able to fully communicate with investors.

Finally, congratulations on the success of the company. Thank you for joining us today. We would like to wish you all the best for your health and well-being. Thank you, General Manager Lee, for your understanding of the Taiwan Stock Exchange. Thank you, Mr. Lee, for your support.

Let's once again feel the forward-looking and soft power of GoGo Look. Then let's welcome Yuanta Securities with the warmest applause. General Manager Guo Mingzheng. General Manager Guo is also welcome. We have a few words to say to you on the stage. The warmest applause to our General Manager Guo.

Mr. Lee, General Manager of the Stock Exchange. We met twice a day today. There is GoGo Look, the CEO of Guo. There are three of us, Mr. Song Tech Chief, and the GoGo Look management team. And we.

Mr. Guo is a senior accounting firm. Mr. Guo is a certified public accountant. Mr. Wu is also a certified public accountant. Mr. Wu is also a guest on the site.

This report from the 2024 Global Anti-Fraud Coalition. In fact, there are statistics. It is a year of global fraud. This theft is a real astronomical number.

This year in the world is more than a trillion dollars. The output value is very large. And it is the statistics of the GoGo Look Who's Call. Since the pandemic in 2021, go to this industry chain. Plus.

AI is really expanding, so it's also important to highlight the need for digital fraud now that there are a lot of people who want to do this.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the user-provided verbatim and sort it into paragraph verbatim. First, I want to read the user-provided rules and examples carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task requirements. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten, or condensed, so the integrity of the original word must be maintained. Next, I check the verbatim fragments provided, paying attention to the corresponding sentences for each timestamp.

In the process of processing, you may encounter some cases such as loose or repetitive sentence structures, such as "this need is there", which need to be kept as it is. Also, pay attention to the continuity of the timestamp, to ensure the transition between paragraphs naturally, but do not need to adjust the position of the timestamp, just sort the sentence in the correct order. It is also important to pay attention to the correct spelling of the terminology and the company name, such as "Go LookWho", "Wow", etc., to ensure that there are no spelling errors in the finishing process.

Finally, check that the entire paragraph-by-text text matches the user's requirements, make sure that there are no missing sentences, all content is in the original order, and maintains the oralization and integrity of the original text. After reading again, confirm that there are no formatting errors or typographical problems, and ensure that the final output is in line with the user's expectations.

In addition, there are a total of 2.6 million databases, which integrate their users' returns with this AI algorithm, and in fact, last year they had a 5.6 million calls and text messages to successfully respond to this scam, about 10% of the effective success of this scam, and about 4 million times. So they also succeeded in the Netherlands last year, a SKIM ADVISOR, so this is a well-known company in the Netherlands, so combined with Google Look data and the Netherlands brand strength, I believe that they are in the growth services of the enterprise, and the strength of this European and American brand, to expand their overseas market. So in the enterprise service, they also launched this watchman service, can effectively help the government financial providers to display these certifications, actively detect these fraud and protect the brand.

The most warm applause to our general manager, Mr. Guo, thank you very much for letting us know that the global demand for digital explosion protection is constantly high in depth, and the services provided by Google Look are even more critical and important. Next, I would like to introduce this one. With excellent resource integration capabilities, the Google Look Colleagues, and the promotion of business development and government cooperation, it can be said that Google Look has established an international cooperation in the prevention and explosion cooperation. In addition, he also serves as the executive director of the Taiwan Digital Trust Association, doing on-site matters in the way of technological progress, and continues to promote this important digital trust in the process.

Go Go Look is committed to protecting the lives of all our users. Trust is the foundation of social operation, but all global fraud is a little bit eroded by the trust of all of us. The existence of Go Go Look is to become a trusted guardian in this digital life, so that everyone can be assured that we all have a trusted guardian in this digital life, together with the efforts of our partners, in 2024 Go Look's revenue reached NT$8.7 billion, 106% higher than the year of the innovative version delivery, this transcript proves the strength and value of trust in technology.

We will continue to build a safer and more convenient digital environment for our users, and look forward to the future we will continue to invest in research and development, develop more advanced AI anti-explosion services, let the fraud group to be a global anti-explosion group. We will continue to innovate our business services, incubate more new services, we believe that not only the consumption of anti-explosion enterprises and other areas of digital finance, we will continue to create more value for shareholders.

Wow, I think we all know that the president is also representing Google Look very passionately.

In addition to this mission, we want to provide you with a safer and more secure digital environment. To get into the company's presentation time, we are going to invite Google Look co-founder and CEO Mr. Jeff Kuo, to explain the company's industry situation, operating results and future prospects. Then CEO Jeff is willing to invest in innovative technology and business opportunities, leading Google Look to expand the global landscape, creating a diversified and rapid growth of revenue, and has won the 4th President Innovation Award, and he is also a director of the global anti-explosive alliance.

First of all, I would like to let you know that the future we are facing is a scam group that has already industrialized the future, which is more important, that in this age of AI, it is urgently needed to build a so-called digital trust infrastructure. What is more important is that we understand that the challenges we face are not only global challenges, it is actually a challenge for me and my family, because it is a war with the scam group.

The most important thing for the company is not that your server has been hacked, of course, this is important, but it is that these people have been driven by fraud, in fact, has created 90% of all businesses not only their own employees, their consumers and businesses themselves, will be lost in these carefully designed scams. After all, this is the latest stage, the economists even use a thing called Scam INC, the fraud company to describe the industry. It is based on the latest Gen Digital, in fact, in 2020, the world's well-known security group, in 2020, in 2020, it only accounted for 30% of all cyber threats, but in 2020, in 2020, in fact, it accounted for more than 90% of all kinds of cyber fraud, in fact, in fact, it is a lot of cyber security, the next year, the most of these new technology, the company, the most of these new technology, and the most important information, the first, the company, the most important information information, the first, the company, the first, the company, we know about the first, the new technology, the first, the first, the first, the company, the most common, the most common, the most in the new technology, the new technology, the new technology, the first, the new technology, the group, the first, the first, the first, the first, and the new technology, the group, the new technology, the group, the new technology, the new technology, the new technology, the new technology, the group, the new technology, the new technology, the new technology, the new technology, the group, the group, the new technology, the new technology, the group, the new technology, the two, the new technology, the two, the new technology, the two, the new technology, the new technology, the first, the first, the first, the new technology, the group, the two, the new technology, the group, the group, the two, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the group, the group, the group, the group, the group, the first, the first, the most In fact, there is another thing I want to share here is that Google Look has a compound annual growth rate over the past five years, in fact, even more than 20 percent of the industry growth, the growth rate in the past five years is 44%, the 44% how to come, I would like to briefly explain, mainly from Google Look's four key advantages, the first, we enter an international organization, in the world advocate anti-fraud policy, the second, we have more than 24 million active users, help us to capture first-hand fraud information, third, we work with many governments around the world, there are also enterprises to work together to prevent fraud, the fourth, at this time we can not ignore the AI above the advantage, we look one down, in the face of such a global digital war, it is very important that not only the government, but also to realize that it is a real problem, and they have to take action, so we have to join a GASA, and become the cornerstone member, so we can see its members, the cornerstone members, and we can see its members.

In fact, the progress of the world in the so-called legislation on this matter, in fact, in the beginning of anti-fraud laws began from Europe and the United States, from the United Kingdom to the European Union and even the United States, began to develop more complete anti-fraud laws. That is, this year we know that there is a so-called fraud, that even in Thailand, that is, now our Google Look headquarters, in March this year, the Bedon Tower government even revised a law of security fraud to make it more rigorous and practical. That is, we are the first competitive advantage of Google Look, we are at the forefront of international organizations, to the world, how we have more comprehensive anti-fraud laws, which will make our market, so-called enterprise users, and urgent need these anti-fraud solutions.

At this point in time, if companies do not mention AI in competitive advantage, it is missing a lot. In fact, GoalRook also uses these advantages to integrate it into what we call Trust AI. The Trust AI is a constantly growing anti-fraud AI, consisting of three elements: first, the so-called large language model, we work with OpenAI, and Google Gemini to work with this large language model as our base; second, we add this large language model to our vertical AI, that is, to give it the most extensive anti-fraud knowledge, because GoalRook has a diverse, multi-modal anti-fraud data, and we have many years of cooperation with police agencies to accumulate it as a piece of knowledge of what we call a vertical AI, that we have more information than the so-called large language model, more than the so-called large language model, more than we have to do, and more than we can give it to give it a more than a more than a lot of these business.

We are more familiar with who's call, who's call is our boss, who we are KiGe Chu, the first day this guy to feed us, so today you can see that the consumer price is who's call or who's call is 60%, but today we have more than 100 million downloads worldwide, the biggest anti-fraud database in East Asia and Southeast Asia, and he has gradually reached 30% of our revenues in the market. If we look at the market from the market, it also proves that Google Look is a company that can promote software services overseas, in fact, today you can see that we have nearly 50% of our revenue across the whole world.

What is the result of Who's Call? What is the income? In fact, we believe that fraud prevention is human rights, and everyone should use Who's Call, so we have so-called advertising revenue, so that free users can use Who's Call, and subscription revenue, so that those who want to have advanced fraud prevention features can pay for Who's Call, so you can see, since 2020.

Here is a re-arranged paragraph-by-phrase transcript: Our subscription revenues range from 25% to 46% in 2024. This also tells us that everyone's so-called high-level anti-fraud needs are actually rising. So from now on, we will continue to increase not only subscription-based revenues but also advertising revenues through our AI technology.

In addition, in terms of sales model, we are also very flexible and flexible to work with telecom providers, and we hope that telecom operators can think of Who's Call as its best value service to its consumers. So there are some practices that are more group-based on the whole sales channel. So we take this step to increase the value of the company's second subscription-based revenue. Well, let's look at Who's Call later. Let's look at Who's Call is actually a product that has been around for 14 years.

I know you are old customers, thank you for your support, remember to purchase our subscription version to further increase the proportion of our subscription revenue, which is our first feature, call recognition. In 2014, we found that a lot of scam groups started to use SMS or even SMS links to scam people. Then, in fact, in Taiwan is also the world's leading, and then we discovered that in recent years, more and more SMS scams have become more and more. Then, when everyone is online, you will find that a lot of malicious links on phishing websites begin to appear, and then you will cheat on your most important, not just money, but personal information. So even in 2024, we launched a personal information leak checking function, can help you check your phone number, your E-mail is not hidden outside, or even sold by others.

It is easy to use, just take a screenshot when you are browsing a web page or even watching your E-mail or even watching TikTok when you watch Share. Just upload a screenshot to Whosecall and we will tell you that this is not a website or a link that you want to scam your message. We have accumulated data for ten years, so this kind of anti-fraud information is a tool that we are going to use to face you in the next decade.

As I mentioned, fraud prevention requires a community that includes the government. In fact, businesses play a very important role here. So ScanAdvisor was born for this, and how we developed enterprise-grade fraud prevention tools to help businesses take responsibility for their consumers. ScanAdvisor is actually a database with over 60 million domain databases around the world.

In fact, there is a website in the world where you can see that it also has more than 7 million active users fixed every month. What's more, it launched a technology called Trust Score in which more than 40 AI analyzers do the job to see the value of each domain name is not worth the trust.

The first API license service like this is a very important case. When you are searching for Google services in the U.S. today, you will see a message like this that ScanAdvisor actually gives him a Trust Score. So it is important that ScanAdvisor provides us with the information we have in the form of the API to help his consumers trust these sites. In addition to the API, we also provide a so-called website license service which is a case in the UK that we work with well-known government agencies in the UK to support such sites.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with user-provided transcription fragments and convert them into paragraph-provided transcription. First, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to make sure that the task is fully understood. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten or condensed, so the integrity of the original word must be maintained. Next, I check the transcription provided in a sentence in a manner that pays attention to each timestamp and the corresponding sentence.

During the process, you may encounter a connection between some sentences that is not very tight, and you need to determine if you should merge or segment. For example, when the speaker mentions a new topic or case, a new paragraph may need to start. At the same time, pay attention to the continuity of the timestamp, making sure that the converted paragraphs do not disrupt the original sequence of time.

In addition, the terms "ScanAdvisor Service" and "Watchman" mentioned by the user need to retain the original, to ensure the accuracy of the technical terms. At the same time, attention to the correct representation of the numbers and percentages, such as "249%" and "$30 billion", these data are essential for understanding the content and can not be mistaken. During the conversion process, attention should also be paid to oral expressions such as "yes", "that", "that", etc., these paragraphs may need to be adjusted appropriately to keep the punctuation of the punctuation in order to remain smooth, but must retain the original. For example, converting "to" to commas or periods, determine the most appropriate punctuation according to the context.

If there is any uncertainty, it may be necessary to check the original manuscript again to ensure the accuracy of the conversion. </think> This website is actually a website where consumers can enter the web address and even the virtual currency wallet that can know that it is not a risky position behind it. At present, it is also an important part of the whole British anti-theft ecosystem. In addition to the fact that through the API, we also think about how to quickly spread the services of Who's Call to the world, this is a case today we can also give these large organizations their own Who's Calls Calls, such as this is a case with one of Japan's largest telecom operators to protect consumers from this service we can provide not only government financial institutions or even large online platforms to help them build their own Who's Call services. At present, our Watchman is in fact using AI Agent's technology to help these companies in a large number of channels to help detect, including in the domain address to see if there is a fake enterprise to build a phishing website We will see in the phone and text to see whether there is no fake enterprise to send a text message or even in the whole community to see if there is no such enterprise to fake these companies to send a call or even to the top of the community in order to hold some activities in defrauding the lyrics of these users is also happy that we are in fact a very important anti-fraud center in Taiwan. Now we can see that we can now see the needs of enterprises for fraud prevention so that Google Look can grasp more than one billion dollars of potential orders, and this one billion dollars of potential orders we see far less than what we see as the so-called enterprise fraud prevention needs one of the first, so that's why we are actively investing in the so-called enterprise fraud prevention that we finally look at this old three-year service was created on the first day when the epidemic broke out we were actually trying to solve the problem of frying belt problems, but today we have four years of the entire fintech version we have a kangaroo we have a name from the company we are really very fond of looking at the performance of the kangaroo today, it has become the leading brand in the digital financial guide to the choice of digital financial products, we believe that trust is to provide the most transparent information in the market and the needs of consumers, in these two things we have done a large innovation on this platform we have more than more than more than one million members, and even create more than a month more than a lot of website traffic on Jackie just like it is actually what Jackie is actually in the first.

We know that it is very important for a revolution in financial commodity services. So today when you come to this Kangaroo Financial website, you can actually use it, we create a Finance GPT, which can quickly analyze your financial needs in seconds, and even recommend the financial products you need most. This is the first time I have just mentioned, we make good use of AI technology ability, the second we are good at creating consumer products, in fact, today, four years ago, you can see, we in order to meet the needs of consumers for financial products comparison, we use some products, such a more traditional page, we also by creating a lot of quality content, so that you understand what you need, we even make podcasts and YouTube, let people understand that these financial products are not useful products, this is what you need, as you just see, using Checkbox AI technology, even create community, let users and users to solve each other's problems, this is just mentioned above, we focus on the ability, because we just mentioned this, provide the value, make use of AI technology, even will create the ability, this data, in this data, in this data, in the first 2021, when we create this platform, we are in 2021, all consumers click on this product comparison, we have a lot of the most of AI. The relationship is to take what they are currently operating is some, a new type of distributed work, such a profession, or they do not trust in traditional finance, that in order to serve such a group of people, we use our lockdown technology, and then use the so-called mobile phone and motorcycle, such a commodity, can create a so-called emergency role, we developed a financial commodity, called JuGi, that kind of a universal financial commodity, we through numbers to understand how many people have helped so far, it is now, this is actually an APP, you can open yourself, your iPhone or Android, you can search for JuGi this service, so far it has more than, 1. 50,000 active users, the satisfaction of this app is very high, it allows you to find, it actually has 4.8 stars, for that even so far, we have accumulated help, loaned 300 million emergency funds, then the most important thing is that its user return rate is up to 94%, which means that we are really a great financial service, as I just said, the business opportunity to trust this matter is very huge, so until recently, we have seen that we have the so-called ROO, create a financial ecosystem, we have JuGi, such a vertical financial service, but we will not stop here, we will next, there will be more fintech innovation, to help people find the most suitable financial products, to serve a wider financial group, good. We will continue to innovate, continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate. We will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate. We will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate. We will continue to innovate, we will continue to innovate, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue innovation, we will continue

The following is a re-routing paragraph type transcript:. A balance between profit and growth. You can see that we have shown a very strong growth rate, but at the same time we have not forgotten to improve our business efficiency. So we can see that over the past five years, we have gradually improved our operational efficiency. Until last year, we still have a growth, but at the same time we have observed that one thing is that we have reached a pivotal point of profit-making. So we can see that by 2025, we can give everyone a real profit-time existence.

This is our current headquarters in Bangkok, located in a building called Wan Bangkok. Why we moved there, in fact, as we talked about when we first started, our usage in Bangkok actually exceeded Taiwan. But even more than Taiwan, our penetration rate in Bangkok is actually less than a third of Taiwan. Because Thailand has 70 million people, it means that we have a three-fold growth space in Thailand.

This is just what we're talking about. At the same time in Bangkok, it's a hub for Southeast Asia, and the heart of Southeast Asia. So from this place, we can actually have more than 700 million people spread across Southeast Asia. It's the fourth largest economy. So what we want to share here is the next step, in fact, there's a very clear place where we're going to focus on expanding our influence in Southeast Asia quickly.

GoLook is a company from Taiwan that we have the opportunity to see all over the world today. We also want to make an impact in the world. GoLook starts with fraud prevention, but today we can even try to build an ecosystem of digital trust together. It is actually a difficult thing to go along the way, and I want to share with you a Japanese management master called Dojo, and then he said thank you for the Japanese word, in fact, there are difficulties with these two characters, which means that it is difficult to have everything.

Finally, this is just the beginning, and the team will continue to thank you very much for your very detailed sharing and explanation. Now we have entered into the time of our Q&A, and now you are welcome to ask any questions you may have about the presentation of your banquet today. The waiting team will provide you with detailed explanations on the stage, so you can also write your questions to the staff on the site to assist you. When you write a question form, you can raise your hand, and the staff will look at you in the past to collect the question form.

If you have any questions, please write them down on the question form. We will go to the QA section and thank you for your questions. Well, now we will ask our guests what they think they have to ask. Well, now we will ask our guests what they have to ask. Well, now we will ask our guests what they have to ask.

We started in the second half of last year, regardless of the third quarter or the fourth quarter, including now, there is a situation where we have a slow temper back. As Jeff said, the whole Who's Call is not just an anti-telecommunication fraud, it is a fraud feature in all respects. So we put a lot of consumer security fraud into Who's Call. So we also drove us to 21% growth in value-added services last year.

So, we can also briefly tell you that, as we have just said, there is an authorized service in Southeast Asia telecom, and in fact, there is a market in Southeast Asia that has a population of hundreds of billions.

That's why there's a lot of news, so the whole Who's Call here is very solid. That's until the whole enterprise anti-fraud, all governments are launching a lot of different regulations, and the entire enterprise's anti-fraud needs are increasing. It can be seen that, like Norton's parent company GenDigital, it also released a number, in 2020, only 30% of all security events were related to fraud, but up to last year, 80% and 90% of all security events were related to fraud, so we've been serving a lot of companies, with some governments all over the world, who want to find better solutions for fraud, anti-fraud, and fraud.

We also observed the whole consumer, even the whole donation, a change in its entire consumer behavior, it does not go directly to the bank when looking for all financial services, or even it is afraid to go to the bank. So the algebra finance is a very important bridge between all users and financial institutions. So what is the bridge, there are three or four million people going on every month, most of which we have guided?

As you can see, whether it is a complete economy in Southeast Asia, it is actually 7 billion people, so we don't have to go to other bigger economies, we're just like Mainwood is in Bangkok, we're just there for the rest of us, we're there for the rest of us, we're there for the rest of us, we're there for the rest of us, we're there for you, we're there for you, we're there for you, we're there for you, we're there for you, we're there for you, we're there for you, we're there for you, we're there for you, we're there for you, we're there for you, we're there for you, we're there for you.

So today in Taiwan, 20 million people can copy the first service, the second service, the third service, so we are now looking forward to what we can also do in Southeast Asia, Thailand as the core of this 700 million population market, the same from the consumer side anti-fraud, corporate side anti-fraud has been pushed to fintech. So I believe that only this is some, it will allow us to grow very fast for the whole three to five years, and I will add to this, thank you.

The first is the product perspective, our service is to protect people from the elimination, so this service can be easily adapted to the country, we find many countries are subject to this serious scam, then from there to start using our service, we find that this is a great opportunity, so in order to be able to enter the market faster, we automate the global regions, and standardize our services, and standardize our services, and then AI and machine learning help us create regional data, so this is our main strategy from the product perspective.



<think> Ok, now I need to process the verbatim of the user and organize it into paragraph verbatim. First of all, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten or condensed in any sentence, so it is necessary to maintain the integrity of the original word.

First of all, I will check through the provided verbatim to confirm the timestamp and content of each sentence. Note that some timestamps may be duplicated or incorrect, such as [4640. 26-4641. 34] harvest and [4641. 34-4642. 06] output deux, where timestamp errors may occur, but the user requests not to delete anything, so it is necessary to keep the original. Next, I need to reorganize the content of these verbatim according to logic and context. For example, regarding the part of the Thai government's cooperation with NBTC, it may be necessary to combine the relevant sentences into a consistent paragraph.

In addition, some sentences may be incomplete or have syntax problems, such as "if this" after the content, need to keep the same as, without modification. In addition, the user-provided verbatim contains some non-Chinese content, such as "Nad topics", "harvest", "deux", "bit exchange", etc. These may be speech recognition errors or special terms that need to be retained as, without modification or interpretation. In finishing paragraphs, pay attention to the interface between sentences, making the overall smoother, but must strictly follow the original order and content. For example, on how Google Look is innovative, it is necessary to arrange each point of view in logical order, while maintaining the independence of each sentence. Finally, check whether there are missing sentences or timestamp errors, to ensure that all content is properly converted.

Yes, that's a very good question. Phone numbers, SMS scams in Thailand, have increased significantly over the past few years with the strengthening of the Thai government and government. So the strengthening of the Thai government and government has been working hard to protect people from this scam. Then, I shared our strategy with them earlier on this issue and we need their support. So we called them and said we could do some scams together?

So we have a common interest in fraud and education on both sides. So we are a very good example of the campaign for international fraud and education. We are with the NBTC organization, at the International Communications Commission in Thailand, at the International Communications Commission in Thailand, at the International Communications Commission in Thailand, at the International Communications Commission in Thailand, all the governments and all the governments are willing to participate in our campaign. Not only are we inviting the public sector, we also invited the tri-level e-TV, tri-level e-banking, tri-level e-banking and branding companies to do a big campaign.

In addition to this, we have a lot of TVs in terms of our service consumption. If this is true, I hope that deployment is nad topics harvest output deux Bithui If we can, NBTC, it is like Taiwan NCC, it is actually like telecommunications regulation, we convincing them to cooperate with us for a long time, then their NCSA, it is like the security under Taiwan's digital department, it is like the group leader of the whole national security unit, and then the third is like the Royal Thai Police, like our police department, we are actually in Thailand with these three units, and then spend a lot of force, and finally we are willing to work together to guide them to establish a very important trust foundation. OK, thank Mian Lu, and thank Jeff, Jackie, I remember there was a creative activity in Thailand, and I think there was there there, for the idea of the digital vaccine, I think it is a simple, what it is, what it is, what you call the digital vaccine, and you must install nurses buckle, and how you will be like the first and how how to fight the second drug drug, and how to do, and how to fight the third drug drug, and how to use it, so much. It is a systemic question, it is a system, it is said that we set up an internal incubation innovation center, it is not so, so we can have a mechanism for rapid innovation, how can we quickly innovate, I think it is from people, that is our Google Look colleagues, so I often want to say that all of our colleagues he has a mission sense, so I often ask our colleagues that you are not happy with the work, because you want to be happy, you want to work happy, you want to work, you really have a mission sense of fraud, in fact, we are very a thief, because every day we have a lot of fraud victims, how do you work happy, it is from us to build this platform, for example, listen to 0, 1 to 100, many of whom you are good at 0, you are very good at the same time.

It's time for us to move on to the next big thing. It's time for us to move on to the next big thing. It's time for us to move on to the next big thing, and we're going to move on to the next big thing, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it.

So we've been looking forward to saying that we still have the fourth BU, the fifth BU, and the future will follow more and more, not only these three. Well, share it. Wow, I really feel the enthusiasm of the team for accepting the challenge. Is that because of the time relationship, so we'll answer the last question? That's the question: The general characteristics of the software industry are high fixed costs, if the volume of revenue increases, the cost is not too high, what are the main operating costs of Google Look?

Well, that sounds like my problem. Well, first answer the host. Well, we're not a software company, I think we're not just a software company, so this so-called high fixed cost, low variable cost trend is actually more obvious. So we've maintained a very high gross rate in the last few years, so we can see that the future can maintain such a very high level of gross rate.

In the marketing section, we have just mentioned that we actually have a large-scale economic effect of marketing, when our users grow to a certain stage, in fact, our marketing costs will be greatly improved, so if we look at last year's cost of a fee rate, in fact, it has been reflected in its price rate changes, we believe that there will be a similar trend in the future. The third big block is our cloud, mainly on AWS some of the cloud costs, we also work hard together with our colleagues, we have done some re-optimization of the whole cloud architecture, we believe that these optimizations can be reflected this year, in December we have seen that the optimization effect is very obvious, reflected in the revenue report is also at the expense rate, and we will see these results.