Please take a look at the anti-fraud videos promoted by the Taiwan Stock Exchange. Thank you for watching this film. Today, the management team of the meeting is Mr. Pan Haoxin and Mr. Lin Kunxian, and welcome to join them.

Hello, I am the general manager of Fulton Pan Haoxin, thank you for investing in advanced to participate in our first this year's online law. Next, I will report to you about the company's current operating summary and outlook. First, this is a disclaimer, please invest in advanced for your reference.

In the past, I believe that a lot of investment advanced has already been involved in our law, so because of the interest in the investment advanced is of interest to us, so we are probably going to make a statement about the company's current business and summary. Our company has been established in 2000, we have been listed in 2021, and we have moved to a new area, and we are now moving to a new section of Tucheng Sanming Road, that is, in Tucheng Industrial Zone. The total number of employees is about 1204, the last year of 2024 has reached about 47.100 million. We have been committed to the development, production and operation of the whole car park, and we have a very dense service network in Taiwan.

The system sales business is mainly part of the system maintenance for the development and production of the parking system, as well as the construction and installation and maintenance of the system. The city car tour is probably more familiar to everyone, because it mainly serves a large parking group, which is a more famous brand. At present, we should also be the largest car park operator in the country.

In addition, we also provide a service such as a visitor, a vending machine and a refueling service. For more than 20 years, we have been working on the whole system, so our customer base is extensive, including education and medical and department stores related services. One of our services in major cities is self-running and helping our customers to host a service. This is a model and structure of the whole parking lot, so please invest in the advanced for a reference.

In the process, we were also recognized by some of our customers, so our dark field was slowly climbing. Some of the market overviews of our city buses are now at 1170 events in March of this year. At present, we should do a survey on each of our peers' websites, and at present, both in the number of vendors and in the number of cars should be a leading part of the industry.

Some of the results of our operations have been planned from the start to IPO, and we have compiled some of our related data from 16 years ago. As you can see in the table, our operating sessions have been from 142 to 1170 at the end of Q1. A growth of about 22.25% in the last five years by number of operating positions.

This year, Q1. Our operations are very good. At present, the YY portion has grown to 18.19 compared to last year, and we have a slightly higher average than the average of five years. This is the Pitra, a distribution of revenue from our parking services and car park systems, about 92% of which is a service for car parks.

This is one of our gains over the last five years. Other than that, some of the companies on the balance sheet have been operating in financial and related parts since then. So this part of us will also be publicized about our earnings. This part is a reference for you. At present, the cash flow part we have so far, we have about 16.68 billion cash at hand. This part of the cash portion of the company is quite sufficient.

So we will encourage a portion of the cash to be part of the board of directors as well. Then we have to make sure that the shareholders' meeting is here. This year, it was a total of EPS17.14 in 2024. Planning to issue six pieces of cash, this part is also a reference for everyone. In the past years, we have always encouraged all of us to continue to send out a portion of the cash every year, and we mainly encourage the cash.

In the near future, because we have a relatively large amount of money to give back to our shareholders, we still maintain a neutral optimism in the operating outlook, because although these two months are actually part of a tariff in the United States, of course, I think we're going to figure out what's needed inside.

So now we see that the impact part of the short-term is not really small, which is actually Q1,even to Q2 we are all in a very optimistic state, then we believe that this year we should still maintain a double-digit growth. In the case of the system sales section, we continue to develop some large cases of business, such as some of the recently mentioned cases of some of the well-known companies in our lectures, or some of the larger office buildings in the north, we are quite smooth in getting the order. In the beginning of the intelligent part, we are now in addition to the Kaohsiung and Taichung, we are currently in addition to the implementation of the whole roadside project outside of our Zhubei City, we expect this year, we expect 5160 road parking lots to be a part of intelligent, which we expect to complete this year to be completed by next year.

We are currently in the process of negotiation, so we want to enter the market through mergers and acquisitions, and then promote a system sale of the whole parking lot. The internal management of our continued expansion over the past few years, the department also has a considerable expansion, so we want to say that in the future, we will continue to focus on the internal organization of a reconstruction and improve efficiency and reduce costs, so we will continue to pay attention to some of the areas of war, we will do some bad things on the site.

This is the part of our team that we want to be a part of this year, we should say that last year's encouragement is a relatively large attempt, the past we will be a half of the company's profit, we have a real self, that is, we hope to give back to shareholders at least half of this year, that this year we will gradually rise to about 80%, then we also want to say that the future can maintain such a high, highly encouraged way to carry out. OK, that 2024, there is also a Q1 placement and hosting part of the proportion, Kunxian you answer. This revenue is about 83.42, the portion of the hosting part of the management is 11. 06, the part of the management is 83. 49, the proportion of the revenue is about 21.

The last law mentioned after the Chinese New Year to negotiate the mergers and acquisitions, please ask for the results of the negotiations. The mergers and acquisitions part is actually quite long, so we should be after the Chinese New Year, we actually have been in progress, so of course, we are also a prudent part of the assessment, then the current focus is with Japanese manufacturers.

<think> Ok, now I need to process the verbatim texts provided by the user and organize them into paragraph verbatim texts. First of all, I want to read the user's requirements carefully to ensure a complete understanding of the task. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten, or condensed, so the verbatim must be retained, while organizing them into a coherent paragraph.

First of all, I will read the entire transcript to understand the general structure of the content. It looks like it is divided into several sections: the strictness of Japanese manufacturers, the number of system sales, the operation of the main North case, the impact of the Nangang pull-off project, and the gross profit margin, etc. Each section may require a separate segment, but the context determines how it is segmented. Next, I need to identify the start timestamp of each sentence and make sure that no sentence is missing during the conversion process.

For example, the data portion of the system sales ratio, starting with the "system sales ratio", and ending with the "I think the impact on us in the short term is not very big", may be divided into several paragraphs, as it involves data and interpretation of different years. It is important to note that some sentences may need to adjust the punctuation when converting, such as using question marks after a question question mark, or using a sentence after a statement to enhance readability. At the same time, duplicate sentences such as "about 3.35%" appear more often, they may need to check whether they are incorrect or duplicated, but according to user requirements, they must keep the original, so they can only be handled as the original.

For example, "that's the same as chasing a girlfriend", although it may be less formal, but it must be kept. Finally, I will read the compiled paragraph verbatim to check if all the sentences are properly preserved, no omissions or errors, and the paragraphs are logically separated. Make sure that there are no added content, and no deletes of the original sentences, which are fully compatible with the user's requirements. </think> Here are the compiled paragraph verbatim verbs (fully retain all the original sentences, only adjust the punctuation and paragraph separation): -- In fact, the Japanese manufacturers here, we all know that the Japanese company is relatively, rigorous.

So of course, this is just like pursuing girlfriends, some of our related issues, after we have to negotiate, we will also do a more strict DD to assess some part of the regret. But half of us are also actively doing this, probably this is not. Is the proportion of system sales? Please call 2024 and EQ25 system sales ratio, system sales 2025Q1 sales ratio about 3. 35%, about 3. 35%, about 3. 35%, about 3. 35%, about 3. 35%, about 3. 35%, about 3. 35%, about 3. 35%, about 3. 35%. 2024, sorry, 2025 Q1 is about 3. 36%.

In the past year, because the Q1 part relates to the New Year, there are some completed parts, usually the first half or the first part of the Q1 part, a proportion of the system sales part will be relatively low, so this is. What is the proportion of Q1 in 2024? How many years is the proportion of the whole year in 2024? How many years is the proportion of the whole year in 2024? How many years is the proportion of the whole year in 2025?

What is the proportion of the whole year 2025? What is the proportion of the whole year 2025? In the case of the main north, we are the whole case, our opposite is the main north of the city office. The project is a fixed monthly rent, including all its roadside and roadside, in fact, the entire business rights are all on us. We are currently working with the public office here in Taiwan to set up a public office in Taiwan, because in the past part of the smart beginning can only set up a public office in Taiwan, because in the past part of the smart beginning can only be set up in Taiwan, because the government is relatively conservative in the past, the government can only set up a public office in Taiwan.

The first part of the wisdom can also have an effective way to lower my opener, because usually now the road is to send out a single person, at present, we also have an employment agent on the spot to do a fake part. Then we want to say that through such a fully automated part, reduce the management of a person, reduce the management of a person, because after all, it is more and more difficult for people to recruit, because now the actual part is more and more difficult for people to recruit. The other part is also set a standard in Taiwan, this part of the standard for everyone, in general, some people look like Taipei to do a section of a road, sometimes we are all people in the whole area to do a straight line, it is probably that.

In addition, I'd like to point out that since I'm just briefing on the above, it's probably not clear what we're doing right now, because we're not quite sure what we're doing right now. That's probably what I've seen before, as if there are some people who care about us in the middle of it, some of us in the middle of it, some of us in the middle of the middle of it, and some of us in the middle of it. We're probably starting on March 20th, and March 20th with the opening of the third level.

In addition, the gross interest rate of hysterectomy loans is likely to fall in the range, this part, hysterectomy loans, if in the last two years, hysterectomy loans, hysterectomy loans, hysterectomy loans, hysterectomy loans, hysterectomy loans, hysterectomy loans, hysterectomy loans, hysterectomy loans, hysterectomy loans, hysterectomy loans, hysterectomy loans, hysterectomy loans, hysterectomy loans, and hysterectomy loans.

The only thing we are more concerned about is the overall economy There is a factor that we may not be quite clear at the moment We think we are looking at the Q2 and even the Q3 we are looking at the domestic economy in Taiwan We think we are seeing the whole of the domestic economy We are looking back OK The force majeure part We actually think we have four typhoons in the last year. Basically we are also in our internal management and cost estimates above we also have to shout into it and do some effective control. The main promotion is because we have some of these big cases this year We are optimistic and then this year the company says that we continue to increase our quarterly revenues with the investment?