Avenues Ad spreads radiation. Advances. Bombs and climates are unexplained banyak radiation. GrowOur desk'll start shortly We really start. Next we give up time. The Wilds will serve as Director.

I am Paul, CEO of Youtai Technology, and Mr. Tse Yen Tung. Next, I would like to share with you the results of our Q1 operation.

The first part will give you a brief overview of our company as a whole. The second part will give you an overview of our Q1 operations. The third part will take a look at our future outlook and planning. The fourth part will take a look at our Q1's overall outlook and planning.

Q&A with company-related issues. I think the first part of the company. The words of Youtai was founded in June 2011. We were on May 16th, 2024. Probably about a year ago.

6928 The current situation of the company is probably in the capitalist part of the NT$ 8.600 million. As of March 31, the company has 384 employees worldwide. The structure of the entire group is preliminary.

Also in North America, the company UNA. Overall, U-Tek was divided into three phases after its establishment. The first phase, from 2011 to 2015, was the motor period. At the beginning of the establishment, we selected the strong type of high threshold. And the large size of the moving tablet. As a major product for the whole company began.

Of course, in this process. We are apart from the past crowd group. We are separated from the operating team, the original R&D team. We are in addition to the ability of strong Wintel in the past.

In the first five years. We launched our own high performance and quality products in the industry. In addition to opening the market. We are also part of the car. The municipal bamboo club in Brazil has also been successfully selected as a car system above the city bamboo competition. Synchronize within the first five years.

We have also laid the whole government plan here. We have put the business of the Brazilian government's voting machine on it to the next level. The road to this day. The second five years from 2016 to 2025 is the company's growth period. In this growth period.

We also built our own smart factory. On the basis of this smart factory. We were also in the second five years. We received orders for custom services from the world's largest customer. Active service is also the basic order of the company.

In the second five years. We also started to cross the entire brand. It also built our subsidiary, Concord Telecom. There was also a North American company set up in North America. And in the second five years. We expanded our business into the entire government project.

This is the second five-year part. It's the third five-year part. It's from 2021 to 2025. It's now an expansion period for the entire company. It's in this expansion period.

I want to be in 2024.

This is the first time that the gross margin of the city of Naha has accounted for twenty percent. It has reached twenty percent. The whole part of the satellite communication is due to the relationship between the product portfolio, so in the first half of this year there are some relationships with this higher gross margin product portfolio, some of the higher gross margin model is currently no shipment or less shipment, so this gross margin in the satellite communication is now 30 percent in Q1.

This is the second largest part of North America, and this year's growth rate for the whole year is about seven percent. The comparison is comparable to what he said last year was in Asia, and this part of what he sold in Asia is a much larger gap than last year, and this part is in the sales area. The third part is a brief report on the company's future planning, I think this part is really quite traditional when we were founded, the company is called everywhere, there is a company called Ubicom, so the company's overall plan is mainly a satellite communication, especially the satellite.

In addition to supporting us in this section of the On-Main, is the so-called unmanned AI to do the corresponding product and solution, which is the whole of the product and the technical layout of the above we adhere to. In addition to Q1, we also in March, we also officially passed a contract with the board, then we also formally acquired the U.S. E3 Display, which is basically the amount of the acquisition is set at US$7 million, that the entire operation is in Arizona Phoenix, US. The financial effect of the entire project is expected to bring about an additional revenue growth of about 500 million per year, that the expected delivery of this time, probably at Q3, which is formally incorporated into the U.S.A. and US.

This is what I want to ask you about Q3. Is there any virus in Q3, then is the company's gross profit OP, the overall E3D he focus on the market is compared to the government program, aerial photography and the part of public health medicine, so the company's total revenue is probably on this special client project. So basically it belongs to a relatively government-approved acquisition, so there is no way for us to complete the entire process, so now it is supposed to be theoretically possible not to use Q3 at the end of Q3 should be in Q3 before shipping. Of course, this is a decision made by this U.S. government-related process to do, the overall E3D he focus on the market is the same as this government program, there is in the part of the public health care, so the entire company's revenue is probably on this special client project above.

In addition, the company's second half of the year is likely to pay more than 30% of the price? In terms of the company's overall cost distribution, the cost of the entire year should still be our main ratio, because the price of the entire year is still our main ratio, because basically the position of the position is to be able to continue in our position in the market and the technology of our product.

If, in particular, you want to invest or say in the cost section, in addition to the development of this Regular project, and perhaps in some specific edge AI, the special application plane of Edge AI, we will focus on the field of our challenging applications.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the user-provided transcription and convert it into paragraph-provided transcription. First, I want to read the user's request carefully to make sure that the task is fully understood. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten or condensed, so the integrity of the original text must be maintained. Next, I need to analyze the transcription fragments provided.

It is important to note that some sentences may belong to the same topic or to the same paragraph, which need to be grouped reasonably. First, I will check the sequence one by one to see which sentences can be combined into paragraphs. For example, the first paragraph may include sections about the deepening of competitiveness and marketing costs. Then, the user's questions and answers section need to be segmented to ensure that each question and answer are separated into paragraphs. At the same time, note that the "above" in the timestamp may indicate the end of a paragraph, which needs to be confirmed if it needs to be handled separately.

For example, the user's questions and answers may appear alternately and need to be correctly segmented. In addition, some sentences may be duplicated or need to be adjusted in order, but according to the user's requirements, no rewriting can be made and can only be arranged in the original order. It is also necessary to check for missing sentences to ensure that all contents are properly converted. For example, after the timestamp 1480. 00-1481. 00, there is a discussion about tariffs and customer expectations that needs to be segmented correctly. At the same time, note that the European and North American markets mentioned in the last part may belong to the same paragraph and need to be merged.

At the same time, check that the format is correct and there is no use of Markdown to maintain plain text. </think> will come to deepen our competitiveness. In addition, in this relevant marketing and business expenses section, is still based on our active participation in the marketing of the market, as well as the entire online and offline marketing activities, which are basically scheduled in our overall planning and annual plans.

So in the second half of this year, in the second half of this year, in particular, there is some non-industry or economic part of this industry or economic part, in this e-political tariff or exchange rate, we have seen this variable in the market. Therefore, in the second half of this year, the overall size of our operation in Q3 is more obvious than the first half of last year, which is a relatively low one. So in this framework that has been planned for these operations, leading to the cost of the whole, especially the cost of the library, has gone to this stage.

If you want to know more about this information, please contact us. If you want to know more about this information, please contact us. If you would like to know more about this information, please do not hesitate to contact us. If you would like to know more about this information, please feel free to contact us. If you would like to know more about this information, please do not hesitate to contact us. If you would like to know more about this information, please feel free to contact us. If you would like to know more about this information, please do not hesitate to contact us.

So if we do not see a sign like this, in principle, it looks like the customer should still be, but a lot of customers or static brakes, or in a relatively stable and conservative way, we are dealing with this. At present, the electricity bill visibility to Q1, the April sales feel like a little, as you just mentioned the phenomenon of customer expectations, so if we now see Q1, that with this April or March revenue level, can be considered as a reference for the following months? I think this is to say that if we take the company as a solid operation and continue to make a profit from this point of view, this may be a floor we have to stabilize, so this is because of the visibility in the market, and the impact of the non-industrial and non-commercial aspects of the market, so I think this part of the must be closely watched.

This customer's current sales situation is what I want to try not to mention on a single customer, but in principle, the overall should be divided into this and this with individual customers, and the individual customers basically because our overall proportion is actually quite a significant amount, so basically is to follow the customer's operating situation to run, that the overall market, in fact, this year, especially in the global market, the European market seems to be relatively consistent with the expected, North American market.

If you are looking for something that is not the best for you, you may be looking for something that is not the best for your business. If you are looking for something that is not the best for your business, you may be looking for something that is not the best for your business. If you are looking for something that is not the best for your business, you may be looking for something that is not the best for your business. If you are looking for something that is not the best for your business, you may be looking for something that is the best for your business. If you are looking for something that is the best for your business. Above, who wants to ask questions in advance, if there is no advanced want to ask questions, the company of today's preferred technology stock, but the explanation will end, thank you for your investment in advanced participation, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you all for your advice, hard to grasp the time, thank you.