The following is a transcription of the rescheduled paragraphs: We gave the time to the Acting Spokesperson Wu. Thank you for attending the first interview after the launch of Fuwei Power. I am the presenter and the Acting Spokesperson Wu Taicheng. Please take a look at some of the disclaimers.

Fuwei Electric was established in 2019 and publicly released in January. It was listed in January of this year. At present, the current acquisition capital is 700 million, the number of employees 72 people, the chairman is Hu Huisheng, we are Hu Huisheng, the chairman is Hu Huisheng, Hu chairman, the general manager is Hu Hao Xiaoyun, the general manager of Hu Hao. Fuwei Electric is a key part of Zhenwei's layout of Zhenwei's energy and photoelectric water and gas platform, part of the industry is the pre-electric transaction energy and energy storage, we have invested in carbon emission checking related area certification, and the development of power system software self-electric system.

In 2024, we are also a partner of the renewable energy system, ranked first by the electricity switcher replacement point, and then is the part of the consolidated profit table. Compared to last year, our revenue increased by 39%, the most obvious growth is the service revenue of energy storage, and the portion of the operating gross profit was 290%, and the gross profit was a significant increase compared to the same quarter last year. Today, according to the advanced report, the revenue portion of the consolidated profit chart, this quarter accounted for 67% of the electricity consumption, 27% of the project revenue, 6% of the project revenue, and 8% of the operating expenses.

Energy saving services have helped customers to achieve annual energy saving of more than 1650MW, with an average energy saving rate of more than 50%, our indicator is that in addition to the manufacturing vigilance, presentation, and Zhenda industry, other companies including Hongxia University, Zhongxing University and many other public hospitals are our customers. In addition to the ability to serve the real EPC part of the EPC, there are 5. 9MW of ED REC, 4MW of D REC, 8MW of power battery, 8MW of power battery, and 8MW of power battery, and 8MW of power battery.

In addition to government schools, electronics manufacturing, telecommunications, machinery manufacturing, aviation, energy, biotechnology, food, consumer goods, paper, cosmetics are all its services. It is also part of the advanced combined call system, the call service includes network-based storage, and then the substation PowerScale, smart micro grid, charging station management system, table and post-charge storage applications, as well as solar photovoltaic monitoring and micro-circuit software.

Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.

Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.

Next, we will ask you a question. Last year 2024, the power supply was about 1.600 million in 2024. From 1.6 to 1.7 billion. What is the figure that will be displayed this year?

That's a lot. That's 2024. That's why we're going to improve. Because we're currently working on the contract and the transition time. That also requires a helping hand from the competent authority and the Taipower company here. We'll probably share that amount this year.

Who else would want to ask? The dark field is where the project is still in progress. So we first told everyone about it. We've already explained it here. Probably Milestone. But it's because of the dark field execution process.

There is still a lot of things that need to be resolved. So this is an unexpected process. You want to send a call to the station. You just have to bring the transport group to it.

What is BPC about? Report it with a legal person. Because if we are listed by engineering, we are in public secret law. We don't until we are stationed.

This is what we do. The percentage of revenue. So it may be the revenue of the two projects. It is probably the progress of the project above. It may be relevant. That time may be just as we just said by our manager Wu.

It may have some slight differences before and after. But about the time it was used. It also made a subline with the legal person. Thank you. Please use the file camera. I have not talked about this power transport agency before.

And he said unto them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth, but in the abundance of the things which he possesseth, and in the abundance of the things which he possesseth.

So I want to be an image. This is how you go. If it is the upper limit at the end of the year or even later, this is how you go. If the price is at the present price, many businesses are easy to find money.

So there. Is it possible to use this e-program? Is it possible to use this e-program? That is the case now. We actually look at this market. We look at the needs of it.

We feel like we are full of expectations. Because too much energy is still going on in the dark field, it will continue to merge into the network. So it needs to be the mass of the existing equipment. Or it will expand. The practice of temporary radio is that it does not give new applications. So I think it wants to go.

Do a tanning for its entire needs. When its needs are re-opened. We look at its outlook. That's what you're saying here. Our global energy battery prices. It's been going down a bit more recently than two or three years ago.

That's also relative to what we're going to do with the project. It's easy to do one operation. Thanks. The part of the call system. It's an unpublic company. So some of its financial information.

Now it is not easy to talk here. But what you can share is because it is what you call it. It is what you do. It belongs to the industry. It belongs to the application of software. So it is a revenue follow-up.

I asked him what he was doing, and he said, "We are going to do it, and we are going to do it, and we are going to do it, and we are going to do it," he said, "but we are not going to do it, and we are going to do it."

The size of our two energy storage projects. In the current market conditions. How much is 1MW worth?

I believe we all have to pay attention. We all have to be full of this industry. We also have to pay attention. We have information to know. That's where your electricity is.

So follow our general market company in the past. 1MW in the case of 5000 to 600 million. The model of these two cases. Is it possible to consider this direction?. This part is due to the process of project execution.

It's about 10 to 12 months in between. There's actually a lot of volatility in the middle of that. But I think the market situation can be referenced. I just think I've been repeating it. That's a lot of risk in the execution of the project.

So if I look at it from a slightly conservative point of view, then you're done with these two scenarios. You probably have to identify 10 billion project revenues. It's the same as your current share capital. It's almost 16 times the EQS. Can you explain that?

It is part of the number. I think we all can think about it from this point of view. That is just saying that I believe we are on the tide pool. The operation may also be part of the suffering.

We also want to be investors. So whether the recognized revenue has reached such a high number. I think that may still be a few follow-up explanations. At present, we may only be able to focus on the progress of the project.

Because the company has not made a special meeting here. Thank you. At present, the senior investor has not had a conversation with each other. It is still in the planning process. So what is the final percentage?

So is there a battery effect? Because it's really simple now. Some people go to the family, so you're where you've been before.

Or you can find the closest battery to it. In fact, we are here with negative power. Because we are always planning to have dark fields. We live with the majority of the battery companies in the market.

I'm sure it's actually. On the whole process of project execution. We're all able to get a pretty good one. The service company needs a delivery with the price. I'd like to ask you about your computer engineering. I'd like to ask you.

If you are in a state of grace, then you are in a state of grace; if you are in a state of grace, then you are in a state of grace; if you are in a state of grace, then you are in a state of grace.

Or, if you are a believer, you are a believer, and if you are a believer, you are not a believer, and you are not a believer, and you are not a believer.

Or say you're going to be.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the text snippets provided by the user, sorting them into paragraph texts. First, I want to read the user's request carefully to make sure that the task is fully understood. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten or condensed, so it must be kept as it is, just adjust the structure to make it easier to read.

At the same time, pay attention to the continuity of the timestamp to ensure that the transition between paragraphs is natural. I need to identify which sentences are the same person speaking continuously, or different parts of the same topic. For example, from "some people also have a long relationship" to "what would be the strategy of this part of you" may belong to the same discussion.

In addition, note that some sentences may be wrongly divided, such as "[1394. 78-1397. 08] It each is 100 pieces" and "[1397. 22-1397. 68] each 100 pieces" may belong to the same sentence and need to be merged. Similarly, the middle "right" may be used as a response and need to be placed correctly. During the process, I will sort through sentences to ensure that the sequence of timestamps is correct and that the relevant sentences are combined into paragraphs. At the same time, check whether there are missing or duplicated content to ensure that all sentences are correctly included. Finally, read the whole collated paragraphs, verify smoothness and accuracy, without missing any information, and meet the user's requirements.

And some of you have been there for a long time, and some of you have been there for a long time, and some of you have been there for a long time, and some of you have been there for a long time, and some of you have been there for a long time, and some of you have been there for a long time.

This is because the price is almost the same for 10 years. Then you don't do any more business from the classic years ago. So you have a strong success. So what are you doing on your strategy? But a lot of small businesses.

So I'd like to ask. First, we need to talk about supply and demand on both sides of the issue. That is, we have always been, whether it is a relatively large indicator customer, a small indicator type, or a small customer, or a short amount, even a single electric multi-user customer, so we can serve as much as possible. In fact, there will be a situation like this, in fact, this is the demand, the part of the job, we still try to hope that we can turn all the electricity into the part of the application of the customer.

So what about those of you who have just said that some of you are currently in your configuration, you are a big company? Then you are also in the original, as long as you have a customer, you will be accepted. That is, if you go to the norm or archive, for example, to prove that he is the best electric now, then you can not be the value of the future? Maybe there is an electric, or you will have this norm?

Well, then you can tell us that even after the price is not good from the 2022 market, why are the cases we're going to go out of the market or the cases we've been going out of the market so far? Well, thanks to Frank for asking. If I've just said that, because Taiwan's grid, as your renewable energy ratio has been increasing, we've gradually delineated, and some of our more important base stations, in addition to this, or its needs have continued to rise. This is one of the thoughts that we've seen after the market.

So I think a lot of people, in fact, are willing to invest in such an industry, in fact, there is a very large demand in the future. It is 100 each.

This is an approximate milestone. Yes. There may be some corrections due to the circumstances we have encountered during the execution of the project. Please ask, what do you think it is? Because we just said that it is written in the three parts of Q1Q3Q4, is that the proportion equal? Or maybe we are at the end of the product launch anyway?

Or is it the way it is perceived to be average, or the left and right? No, this is just the way the director of XU also explained, because we are using public legislation, and we are gradually in accordance with the progress of the project to determine a percentage.

This is to say, according to the degree of MASK it is recognized, it is not completely average, because the progress of the project will be different. Yes. Thank you. Is there anything else Mr. ask? Will you be like you, you are electric, because we don't let you, or others will ask?

Yes. Is there any advanced question to ask? If not, thank you very much for the wonderful explanation of the Negative Power Team today.