Have you heard my voice? It's clear. OK. Mr. Wong and the legal person are welcome. Thank you very much for accepting the invitation for the first gold security session today. We're going to ask Mr. Wong to talk about the company's operation and prospects.

Dear Sir, I would like to thank you very much for your special invitation to the first gold. I would also like to thank you for your participation in this conference.

Well, we have this meeting about the performance of Nishichuang in the first quarter. Nishichuang is mainly in the mature field. Small and medium-sized display driver chips. We're talking about it now. Our leader. Our global leader.

Especially in AIoT. The Internet of Things or public control. We have a decisive market share. Then again, it is more important. We are a pioneer in zero capacitance technology. We have been involved in research and development since 2009.

Since 2015, the first product has been introduced. From zero capacitance technology. Since then, it has been continuously spread to the present. This year, we will be using TDDI to display it. Our new product.

It's also a technology with zero capacitance. Start entering our new market. We'll wait. There may be some time to mention this part.

We are a continuous incubator. To introduce some new applications. Let's keep the momentum going for a long time. Or to maintain a state of growth. That's what everyone is more familiar with. The addition of batteries to the cabinet in 2020.

It belongs to the sensor chip. And that was in December 2024 last year. Li-Ling Technology is the automotive Auto sector. It is the main focus of Li-Ling Technology. It is the small and medium-sized display driver chip in the car. Let's look at it.

The four selectors that Micron has. The Internet of Things or what we call it AIoT. Or public control or sensors. There are also vehicles. Well, this is the share of revenue from our entire group.

That's the main application of the Internet of Things. We use this small size for a lot of wearable devices. There are also consumer batteries. There are also smartphones and functional phones. The smartphone can talk about the beginning of the fourth quarter of last year.

It started in January this year as a formal market entry. The Internet of Things is about 33% here. For the whole revenue. The second is the sensor of the phone. The sensor of the phone. We now have two categories of products.

Or there is more to it now: optical sensing micro-electromechanical sensing. There are three main product spindles for capacitance sensing. The third is public control. That public censorship. It is mainly used in office equipment.

Here are some of the sound meters we often talk about office automation. Phones, etc. There is another more up-and-coming one in there. Growth is faster. It is the government's plan. It is related to the smart grid.

There are also industrial measurements. These machine equipment are usually more seasonal. The first half of the year will be purchased. The first half of the year will be put into production. Then there are some more mobile and smaller medical devices. These are in our public domain.

These applications that are more commonly applied to our small panel drive ICs. The part of that car. Mainly the part we saw over the last few years. The whole rise in the smart cabin. Then it is applied to all cars. We are focused on the car dashboard.

There is also a monitor. There is also a hub. This hub contains Touch function inside. This account for 15%. Let's take a look at the whole revenue situation in the first quarter.

The consolidated revenue in the first quarter was 43 billion. That would be a quarter-to-quarter decrease of 6.16. That would be a quarter increase of 440 million. That would be a quarter-to-quarter decrease of Spring Festival every time.

This quarter saw a decrease of 6.16. It was not too much. It was a good performance. It was a good performance. It was a good performance. It was a good performance. If the cumulative revenues for January to April were $5.8 billion.

That year grew by 5. 01. Our goal for this year is to surpass last year. Last year we increased year-on-year compared to last year, which is a year-on-year increase in revenue.

That's it. Our goal is to exceed last year's growth. That's what we met at the beginning of May this year. One you can say is a headwind.

So it should be said that we will continue to work towards this goal. That's the number we're looking at in Q1. Gross profit margins are quite similar to that of the quarter. Operating interest rates are either the same or the rate of cost. Operating interest rates are the same. EPS is not much different from that of the quarter.

We enter this revenue share. This is our product revenue share. Our revenue is a combined revenue share. This is because we have two subsidiaries.

We have a 46% stake in the parent company. We hold 55% of the car's power-leading technology. We have absolute control over it. So 100% of the entire car comes from power-leading technology. 100% of the sensor's revenue comes from the home.

So, let's take a look at these four. That's AIoT. Then public control sensors and vehicles. That's 33% of revenue in the first quarter. That's a 2% increase over the quarter. **Please note:** The provided text appears to be a transcript of a speech, possibly a financial report, and is incomplete. financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports from financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial reports, financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, possibly from a financial report, a financial report, possibly from a financial report, a financial report, possibly from from a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, possibly from from a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, possibly from from a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, possibly from from from a financial report, a financial report, possibly from from a financial report, a possibly from a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a possibly from from from from a financial report, a possibly from a financial report, a financial report, possibly from a financial report, a financial report, a, a possibly from from a, a, a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, possibly from from from from from from from from from a, a, a financial report, a possibly from a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a possibly from from from from from a, a, a, a, a, a possibly from from from from from from from a, a, a possibly from a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a financial report, a possibly from from from a, a, a, a financial report, a financial report, a.

The following is a re-arranged paragraph-by-phrase transcript:. With this quarter-wide revenue was 6.1% less than last quarter. Well, the vice-versa went up. The main reason is that we launched a TTDI this year, but it contains two more important ones. The first is touch-enabled modules, and the second is zero-capacity technology.

So there are basically two types of smartphones currently. The first type is OLED, the second is TFT, and then we focus on the TFT market. The OLED and TFT markets are about half the size of it, about half the average. So most of the other specifications are made up of these two main specifications, so we are also ready to enter the market this year.

The first thing we noticed was that apart from the TTDI market that we entered, there were other more special specifications that were slowly reduced and then entered the market that we are currently drilling into. That said, the market is bigger. Then the second is the product we developed. The first is the zero capacitance technology, so that the panel manufacturer is our customer to reduce the procurement of capacitance, and he doesn't have to put the capacitance on the soft board.

We have a goal this year, and that is a little faster than our goal, that is, our penetration rate is a little faster than our annual goal. Then the first quarter of this year, TTDI products accounted for about 6 to 7% of our total revenue. So we are still very positive about the future of the market, that is, we are quite similar, we pay attention to the situation of the whole market, so we are confident to continue to move forward.

So, what we're doing in the first quarter is that we're making big progress in our main sensors this year, and that's what we're doing in the first quarter. So we're making a big progress this year, and we want to make sure that we're developing smart-sensors outside of our existing sensors, and that's what we're doing in the second quarter.

So the car part is still in development. So, let's take a look at the car part, which is a slight drop from 16% to 15% in the following quarters. So it's mainly our car sector in the first quarter, which is a complete company called Ling Ling technology, and then it's basically 87% from the car, which is about 13 percent from the non-vehicle. So, we're going to say that in the second quarter, we're going to adjust the stock of non-vehicles, so we're going to say that the non-vehicle part in the last two quarters because we're going to adjust the double impact of this in terms of our strategy.

In the second half of the year, we saw our forward-looking customers looking at the entire order of the car customers. The first thing we saw in our main car is the new specifications of the car dashboard, which has introduced our new technology called OSD, which is an independent supply circuit control system. The second is the new generation or the new specifications of the train monitor, which can show more content than the traditional display, or the size of the projection, so we also saw that the Trolley display in the recent Shanghai car show in China or said that all the series of cars seen above the exhibition are basically 100% standard.

The good thing about the car touch display module is that we also extend it to the car on Touch TTDI. Then we expect to deliver it to the post-install customer this year, and the pre-installed customer would have it.

It's a long time to verify that we expect next year to complete the verification and then deliver it to the new car. If there is no problem with this page, I'll buy it down. Well, let's take a quick look at the water benefit summary of silicon innovation, which is mainly to see whether the gross profit or the business reserve rate, which is not much different from the season.

Well, I look at the other figures, the average of the last four quarters is 11, the first quarter is a little lower, so it looks like we are still a little lower, or maybe 13% is more normal. EPS in this quarter is 3.45. Well, let's look at the number of business cycles of Silicon Creation, which is pretty good at the number of business cycles of Silicon Creation, for example, the number of days on stock is 96, the receivables 34 days, the receivables, if it is less than the number of days, then the effect on our receivables will be less impact on the exchange rate.

We are now open for Q&A. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. That's what I meant to say to Misty Bachelor, in fact, there are people who have heard about it. Would you like to ask me about our 2025 gross profit margin and the outlook on fees?

Thanks for your question. We expect our revenue to be better than the previous year's performance, and that we haven't changed the idea. But the exchange rate above is a bit of a shock, so we can talk about trying to keep up. That's mainly from the touch of energy or from the TTDI, which contains this zero-capacitance technology in it, and it's this product for the new market of the smartphone.

It's a lot of money for us, since the exchange rate has changed from 30 or even more recently, and that's what we see in our gross profit margin, as well as in our second quarter of the industry. Finally, let's talk about what this gross profit margin is, and if we're at this rate, what is the gross profit margin and fees, what is the gross profit margin? The cost rate should be maintained at the current level, usually 20% to 21% in the past period, then we'll basically stay in this place.

The tariff war should say that we are more considerate of high tariffs, that is, regional or country after the talk, the result is that it has high tariffs, the region's consumption demand or consumption rate may decline, the purchase rate will fall, because the main thing we do in the AIOT Internet of Things or mobile phones here, are related to consumer electronics, is related to the general civilian population, so we are more concerned about the decline in demand. So if that is the case, what about our gross profit margin in the second quarter?

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the verbatim text of the user and convert it from the verbatim format to the paragraph. First, I want to read the user's rules carefully to ensure that nothing is deleted, not rewritten, not condensed. The user emphasizes that all sentences must be retained, so I want to pay special attention to this.

First of all, I read through the entire transcript to understand the overall structure and content. It looks like a record of a meeting or briefing, involving financial data, product market conditions, etc. Next, I need to identify which sentences belong to the same paragraph, usually based on the consistency of the topic and the intention of the speaker. For example, the first part starts with "So you just mentioned about the current exchange rate", and the next few sentences are about the discussion of the second quarter gross margin, which should be merged into a paragraph.

It is important to pay attention to the processing of timestamps, the user's original data in the timestamp, but in the final paragraph verbatim, there is no need to keep timestamps, so I will remove these timestamps and keep only the conversation content. At the same time, to ensure that the order of the sentences is correct, not changing the original intention. During the processing, there may be repeated or confirmed statements such as "you cannot say your question again" and "bad", which need to be kept in the paragraph, but may need to adjust the position to match the natural conversation flow. For example, when someone requests to repeat the question, the question should be presented in a consistent manner.

In addition, be aware of verbalized expressions such as "hm", "good", etc. These may need to be handled appropriately in paragraphs, but according to the rules can not be deleted, so it must be retained. At the same time, make sure that the transition between paragraphs is natural without interrupts or logical breakdowns. Finally, check to see if there are missing sentences to ensure that all contents are properly converted and without adding any additional content. After the initial draft, I will read through to confirm that all the user's requirements, in particular not deleting anything, keeping the originalness and structure. </think> Here is a paragraph-style transcript after finishing (fully retains all the original content, only adjusts the punctuation and paragraph structure). So just mentions the current exchange rate, our second quarter of gross profit is 33%, and then as TDDI's are probably low, so see the current situation.

So we have no way to tell you the number of the second quarter, just to say that we are launching a new product, its gross margin is lower than our average, so we have to maintain a balance as far as possible, that the old product we have to keep our gross margin as possible, and the new product in the process of increasing, to minimize the impact on our gross margin. Well, I have no problem, thank you, thank you.

Do you have any questions? Are there any activities welcome to contact you, studio de soup. Is there a message you don't see here? I see here is that this year's gross profit margin will not be more strict challenge, is it to maintain more than 30% of the level? We can only say that the first is that gross profit margin is subject to exchange rate or there is, that is, we will still make it as much as possible, is it to reduce our impact, that is more than 30% of the level, which can be said to work hard here, hmmm.

What is the size of the TDDI market? At present, some of the data we have on hand seems to be the size of this market over the past year, there are about 7 billion to 8 billion units, in the whole size it may be, there are some different specifications in it, but in our main target market TDDI. That is mainly it is, the brand market there are some, and the white market there is the whole maintenance market to add up to such a size.

OK, that's not how you are, is there, is not satisfied, is there any other problem? Can again, good if you guys advanced, there is no further questions, the description of the legal person in the market today will come to an end, thank you for your participation, thank you all.