** Paragraph type transcription**. Please don't hesitate to subscribe and forward to receive support for the mirror and dot column. Dot column. Dot column. Dot column. Dot column. Dot column. Dot column. Dot column. Dot column. Dot column. Dot column. Dot column. Dot column. Dot column.

Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Dot column.

In the first quarter, 25. 2% fell to 11.2%. That's mostly what we do. Our company is a relatively large proportion of revenue from netcom products. So last year's netcom product demand was weak.

So losses were made in the first quarter of last year. But the first quarter of this year. In fact, there was an increase in the same period last year. It also turned into a profit here in the first quarter of OPN. It was mainly a contribution here in high-end networking products.

Last year's third quarter had a growth rate compared to last quarter. That was the loss of profit. That was the main improvement of the product. Because we had already produced it in the third quarter last year. Started mass production of 800G switches. That was the fourth quarter.

Low season impact. That's a decrease in revenue. That's why the total amount of energy is lost again. That's exactly what we mentioned in the first quarter of this year. That's why the demand for high-end switches is heating up. That's why the volume of energy lost throughout the first quarter is so profitable.

That's what we're talking about in our first quarter, and it looks like the P4 is weak. So the revenue ratio is less than half. So in the second quarter, we're going to cut it a little bit. That's why we benefited from the manufacturing center to upgrade that network device.

That's why the proportion of internet traffic in the first quarter is relatively high. That's what consumers say. In the first quarter, there are actually a few consumers who are concentrating on the same value. He avoids the risk of reducing tariffs. So some customers who are concentrating on the concentrating on the same value in the first quarter have already started stocking up. So the whole ratio is slightly higher than last year.

The price of the entire automotive market is very competitive. The supply force must be stressful. So in fact, we can see that the proportion of automotive electronics applications is gradually decreasing. The demand for AI HPC is relatively stable. So the proportion of revenue is flat.

That's the future of the product. We continue to develop AI mainly here at ABF. These are AI PCs or AI GPU AI ASICs. There are also some high-speed switch products. Then let the whole ABF here continue to increase the proportion of high-end products. Then let our MIX continue to improve.

That's where we're at. It's where we're at. It's on the SIP carrier board. We're on the same page as the mobile device's motherboard. And then the camera sensor. We're on the market with a echo device. We're also on the chip for mass-produced light communication.

We have already partnered with automotive customers in BT here. We have started mass production of some automotive processors. There are also other load boards for that program logic chip. That general circuit board is here. We continue to have applications for AI servers that mass production of accelerator cards.

Then some of the SERVER power modules. In addition, we will continue to mass-produce some high-end PCs. There is also the circuit board that is controlled by the car. Then make the product more diverse. Our operation strategy today is to focus on a 4A transformation across the entire group.

We continue to increase the proportion of high-quality and differentiated products. Then we expand the new application market. The world of software is here we are. It is the development of new materials and new products. Then the layout of biochemical companies.

Many of us are using digital technology, especially AI here to improve our process. Then there are some of our operations. We will also expand green electricity use this year in terms of the amortization of that land. And then in terms of that phase of testing, we will make more effort to implement it.

This day is a day of thanksgiving, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of thanksgiving, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of thanksgiving, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a day of remembrance, a year of remembrance, a year of remembrance, a year of remembrance, a year of remembrance, a year of remembrance, a year of a year of remembrance, a year of a year of remembrance, a year of God's remembrance, and a year of God's remembrance.

The first one is, one is, the second one is.

That's right, it's on the outside.

This is the word of the Lord, and this is the word of the Lord; this is the word of the Lord; this is the word of the Lord; this is the word of the Lord; this is the word of the Lord; this is the word of the Lord; this is the word of the Lord; this is the word of the Lord.

This is because your time is too short for you to take advantage of it, and you are not able to take advantage of it.

However, the current situation is generally for the entire circuit board analysis on the market. We all think it is. It may be uh. The value per liter is about 1% per yuan. It may be between 0.3 and 0.4 4% per liter.

This is an overview of the entire industry. That's the second problem is that.

This is the way of the righteous, and the way of the wicked is the way of the wicked, but the way of the wicked is greater than the way of the wicked.

And if you look at it, you will see that it is a sin, and if you look at it, you will see that it is a sin, and you will see that it is a sin, and you will see that it is a sin, and you will see that it is a sin.

This benefit may be re-evaluated.