Wenjin Products Co., Ltd. Wenjin Products Co., Ltd. Wenjin Products Co., Ltd. Wenjin Products Co., Ltd. Wenjin Products Co., Ltd.

The announcement will be officially started. First of all, it will be signed by Zhao Feng. Open for us. Thank you.

First of all, I would like to thank you for your interest in participating in the Brunei Product Shares.

First of all, I would like to thank Mr. Chen, Mr. Liu, Mr. Wang Financial Secretary. Please hold an online meeting. Also, I would like to thank you very much for investing in advanced today's meeting.

Thank you. Thank you to Mr. Jiang, Vice President of Zhaofeng Securities. Investment in advanced media friends. Welcome to participate in the civil materials are invited by Zhaofeng Securities. Karen briefing session in the first quarter of 2025.

Your picture will be silent during the meeting. Today we have a total of three speakers. In particular, Mr. Chen, Chief Executive Officer of CCE. Mr. Liu, General Manager of CCE, and Mr. James Wang, Chief Financial Officer.

Any simple forecast in the report is risky. Please take the time to read the statement on the second page of the slide. Remind you to follow the Public Offering Company Public Financial Predictive Information Processing Guidelines.

There will be no reply. The process for today's legal meeting is as follows.

First, the Chief Financial Officer will report the operational status of the first quarter of 2025. The chairman will then explain the future performance of the initiator materials. We will then conduct a Q&A. Please ask questions using the online conference question tool. At present, we have collected some questions from legal persons.

That's all for today's meeting. Next, I'd like to ask Chief Financial Officer James to report on our operations for the first quarter of 2025. First of all, I would like to thank you for the handoff and the online staff for making the most of today's issues.

We have seen the first quarter of 2025. The portion of the turnover is $4.5.8 billion. The part of the QOQ is 7% down.

In the gross profit section. Gross profit is $9.2 billion. Gross profit is 20%. Net operating profit is $2.9 billion. Economical rate is 5%.

In the last quarter, the net profit attributable to our company was $4900 million. The economy rate was 1%. The basic turnover rate was $0.15 per share. We saw just mentioned in the QOQ section. The portion we received was 7% decline. Mainly due to our traditional low season of medical care in the first quarter of this year.

Plus in the first quarter is the number of days compared to the last year. The number of days in the first quarter is less affected. In the first quarter, we see that the gross margin of the first quarter is 20%. Mainly because the gross margin in the first quarter of this year is benefiting from the appreciation of the yen.

As with Square, our company will take the risk of this part. So this part. The main added value will be offset from the industry forex exchange organization. Let's take a look at if the gross profit margin is restored. We still have an increase in comparison to the same period last year. The main reason is because of the proportion of our medical care.

The proportion of healthcare in the first quarter of this year was nearly 30%. The proportion of healthcare in the first quarter of last year was 27%.

In addition, there are some improvements on the product portfolio. Therefore, the gross profit margin portion of the YY is still increased. In the final EPS this piece. The basic earnings per share is $0.15. There is also an increase in the previous quarter compared to the same period last year.

The above is the description of the watermark table. Let's look at the part of the asset representative. Here we can see. In the overall financial structure is still maintaining a five-piece financial structure. We can see that we are still continuing to invest in capital expenditures.

That's why we're continuing to invest in the future. Let's take a look at this statement and report on our asset liability. Thank you, Chief Financial Officer, James, for explaining our success in the first quarter.

Then we asked the Chairman ZZ to explain the company's outlook on the future performance. Deputy director Jiang and comrades are advanced. Here is an analysis and discussion of the future industry situation. We have a lot of financial success in the past. We are part of the display material.

We will continue to improve on this one in different applications. That one I actually think of markets outside of the United States. That's pretty sure. That's in the medical section. Basically, I think of our current proportions sliding up from 30%.

It's also because of the rigorous system of medicine. It's also not going to be affected by the overall environment. But we have to go back and look seriously at the current general economy. Like the CEO Tim Cook of Apple last week said. Now the entire industry is facing an uncertain environment. The uncertain environment is about the overall economy.

In fact, there is an impact. So we expect to be affected by the entire industry in the next two quarters. The uncertainty of the overall general economy. It affects whether it is investment or sales behavior. That is a relatively long-term view.

I think it's a bit more clear. I think it's been a bit of a challenge for all the traders, whether it's tariffs or exchange rates. But I think it's a challenge for all the operators. We must continue to make our own, whether it's operational or technical.

Thank you for your continued support. Thank you for your interest in ZZ. The Q&A below will answer your questions.

The first question is whether the Q1 polarized XE has a price increase. How difficult is it to raise it? The price of polarized in Q2 in 2025 is always the same. We ask you to answer.

The polarizer is currently in Q1. If it is based on U.S. dollars, the average unit price. Basically, I look at the product mainly with the needs of the market.

A total survey. Currently, if the multiplier is based on the US dollar, it is still average. That is in the second quarter. We expect the price of polarizer in the second quarter. It is still a steady trend.

But because of this, this week. This is a fast appreciation of the US dollar. And the Japanese yen appreciation. For us, the currency capacity and the cost structure are very stressful.

So here we go again. There will be some changes. Or the impact of this meeting. The next question is the company's progress specifications on OLED and automotive displays. We ask for answers.

At present, we are in the revenues of OLED and Q1. Basically, the display here is the same period of growth. And we have successfully reached new customers in the first quarter. And the new products are also expanding. We expect the progress of OLED and automotive displays. In Q2.

Expected to continue. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Growth. The next question. After the U.S. tariff policy. How companies see the supply and demand and the landscape of the 2025 panel.

The current tariffs are now tariffs all over the world. Want to cause an increase in the price of the whole product. We expect the entire consumer spending in electronics will be conservative. And in the end. It has been pulled early since the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year.

So we expect it to be at the end of the second quarter and the third quarter. The need for the entire panel. There should be a range of challenges to capacity. The next question is whether daylight demand and orders benefit from China's subsidies policy.

We ask for answers. We ask for answers. We ask for answers on the continuation of the questions, basically, whether the first and second batch of products were sold from the fourth quarter of last year, benefiting from the continuity of the Chinese subsidies policy requirements. The continuation of the questions, basically, the first and second batch of products were sold from the fourth quarter of last year.

Efficiency is already in place. snail. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes.

虥. It's probably already weakened. So we're going to see the momentum of growth in the future. It may be due to the actual effect of the market. The next question is, the growth of medical YY overseas cooperation.

We are Q1 in 2025 and Q1 in 2020. We are nearly one percent in total. We are still looking forward to this year. We hope that the overall will be around 2025.

Imagine whether medical care is important to us or not. The next question is. Medical-related products contribute to the first quarter. And what is the production situation for the second quarter. We ask ZZ to answer. As just mentioned by the chief layoff.

We are 29% in Q1. Then we look forward to sports going up. About 30% or more. I think this trend will continue to go up. Then different products have grown up in different areas. Thank you.

The next question is whether the tariff policy is adjusted. Ask if the company's medical institutions have observed customer pull behavior. Or whether the overall needs have changed. How does it affect your income.

We ask ZZ to answer. First of all, our direct shipping to the United States is not too high. The second is what we just mentioned. The medical system is more rigorous. Our customers or the whole medical. From our raw materials to our customers.

We do not have any tags for We Are All In This World [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics. [Stereo] lyrics.

What is the demand for consumer medicine in 618? We asked ZZ to answer. 618 is a very important activity here in the mainland.

The mainland is still very strong in terms of consumption. So we are now for 618. We are both ready. Whether it is a cross-industry IP joint, or other factory activities.

We have some preparations. We hope that 618 can do the same thing this year. The next question is, some young market growth in China seems to be slowing down. Why is that?

We are the first to grow. Of course, the pace of growth slows down, but the positive side is, of course, the overall consumption is a bit downward, but in fact, we don't see a significant downgrade.

I personally think its penetration rate. It is also less than that of advanced countries. Therefore, this trend of continuous growth is less. But this trend of continuous growth is still clear. So we are optimistic. But in the future, I would like to see more successful e-commerce channels.

There are some new sales. We'll find a way here. Restore greater growth power. The next question is, how recently the dollar has risen rapidly. How does it affect the company.

We asked ZZ to answer. I think we all see a rapid appreciation of the dollar. I think this piece is for the US dollar only. The appreciation of the dollar is a steady suppression of the gross profit margin, so the company is also improving its operational performance.

The trend of this exchange rate is continuing. I think we will. Then we will reflect with the main customers. We have this part of the price. I think we will still be careful to deal with the problem of the price.

In addition, medical products are priced in the U.S. dollars. We will continue to monitor the impact of each geographies on the zero fund material. And then through cost control. And the way to disperse. Go to the deployment of the two regions to investigate.

That's my explanation, thank you guys. There are no other issues online right now, and because of the time relationship, our online Falun Dafa description will end here today.

If you have any further questions, please contact us. Thank you for participating in the online Falun Dafa Conference in the first quarter of 2025. The online conference is over. Thank you for your participation.

We will see you next time.