Below is a re-edited paragraph-by-text transcript:. The online meeting of KGI Securities was very pleased to invite several of the officers of Fortune Advanced Electronics Co., Ltd., including Pan Mei-ying (Pan always our chief financial officer), Zhang Jia-shuo (Zhang always our general manager), and thousands of Chinese (including always our stock business).

First of all, I would like to thank KGI for providing this opportunity, so that the rich here have the opportunity to talk to investors about some of the recent situation, I think we will be very concerned about the impact of the trade war, and the other is that tariffs on us, for example, about the impact of this quarter, how it will be, and what it will look like with the future of our business.

The first quarter revenue was 7.1.5 billion, which was 7.87 billion compared to the fourth quarter of last year, which was generally higher than the first half of the year, so it was 9.1% lower. However, the Maori portion was 37, an increase of 3.3 percentage points compared to the third quarter. The cost ratio was 13, slightly higher than the fourth quarter12. So the whole quarter EPS was 1.45, a decrease of 9.4 percentages compared to the fourth quarter. Then look at the YOY portion, which was 7.1.5 billion in the first quarter of 2015, but last quarter of the year was 5.89 billion.

The total gross profit has been substantially increased from 18.2 to 37% gross profit margin. So the percentage is almost 13 points less than a 14 percent. Then the entire first quarter of EPS is very much increased from the same period last year, with the same period last year being 0. 74, and this year it was 1.45. This is the first quarter of our consolidated revenue.

The main thing is that we do RP or fixed deposit, so the on-hand water level of cash is still increasing. Then the flow is 32.43 billion, then the long-term bond part is 5.3 billion, then the revenue portion is 7 billion, compared to the same quarter last year is more than the same quarter last year, so the revenue is a little bit. That is a receivable, about 7 billion levels.

This is part of our balance sheet. We then look at a revenue stream from 2020 to the present day. So when the pandemic, the relative revenue stream is relatively high. So in 2020, revenue was 3.100 million, then 4.2 billion in 2021, and then the entire industry returned to normal after the pandemic, so the revenue was 28.500 million. So in 2024, there was a growth of about 2%, to 29.18 billion.

This is the overview of our revenues. Let's look at the distribution of our combined revenues in low and medium voltage products. Then we are mainly on the low-voltage product line, it is one percent of our revenues, and then another half of the medium-voltage is also very large. So the first quarter of this year saw that the low-voltage part was 47%, then the medium-voltage part was 33%, and the high-voltage part was 16%.

The power supply is mainly medium-voltage and high-voltage. So look at this pattern quarter, you can see that it accounts for about 5 percent of our revenue from the first quarter of the year to the last quarter of the year, and it accounts for about 49% of our revenue until 40% of the last quarter of the year. So comparing computing is flat, about 3 percent of our revenue from the third quarter to about 25% of such.

So the entire continuous amplification of the combination of our company and the entire product line will be better. Then until the first quarter has been 18. Then there is another part, which is like the IGPT product line, and there are still some fixed customers in these applications. So there are also some customers in the Japanese line, so let's take a look at the QOQ quarterly revenue summary.

So we still have a concept that the industry is very forgettable. Then the first half of the year is relatively small, the second half of the year is relatively larger. So it is often seen in the third quarter that the 3Q of 23 years is 7.89 billion, and in the 24 years is 870 billion. So it is usually a higher pick.

So we see last year's first quarter was 5.89 billion, this year's revenue continued to go up, it was 7.1.5 billion. That's the whole trend of our revenue. So there is probably a trend like this in the first half of the year. Then again, let's look at our main application.

Then, in the first quarter of this year, there was a slight increase of more than the same period last year. This is mainly the whole trend. Then slowly, after the entire influence of the LTA of the IDM manufacturers continued to degrade, we will continue to go up again.

Then the portion of the computing.

We're mainly in a certain share. That's about 25% of our revenue. That's mostly followed by a trend of our revenues and occupiers. That's quite flat compared to the first quarter of last year. A slight decline. The whole industry is likely to change with its trend.

That's a huge increase this year, and it's our G7. You can see that the first quarter has already reached 12.9 billion such revenues. After a period of growth, it's almost that much. 4% and 50%. Then last year, it was the first quarter.

Last year, it was less than 100 million. You can see the 4 million from the first quarter. 60 million to 9 million to the first quarter of this year, this is a more powerful application.

Thank you. Well, now we're going to open Q&A. I'm here to ask questions based on the legal person before. Ask the company for a priority reply. The first question is how the tariff rate affects the company's differences. Is there an early pull?

I think the question about how to affect the gross profit margin is, how to affect the gross profit margin, how to affect the gross profit margin, how to affect the gross profit margin, how to affect the gross profit margin, how to affect the gross profit margin, and how to affect the gross profit margin, I think about the question about the question of how to pull the goods early is really there, in about the second quarter is obvious, when you see the customer pull the goods early.

I think there are a few blocks, that is, with Taiwan, because it is mainly reflected in the early loading, which is more obvious. The other is the part of China, now about a quarter of the top, then we will divide it into two pieces, it is a piece of China's customers, but it is actually something that might be like a garden, such as a grass mower, or an electric hand tool such as a paper, that this bunch of guests is what his industry is, that they said in the past few years have also had some factories, moved from China to Vietnam.

As for the mainland China market, its own demand is basically not too much, and there is no such thing as a flat price in China. As for some of us here in South Korea in Japan, the business I want to do is basically not change, so he basically doesn't change much. OK I want the effect of tariffs on the guests here. As for the exchange rate, I mean that you can, anyway, the overall effect of the exchange rate, he will shock me about my inventory.

However, I would like to share with you a few figures on the presentation, which I can see is that my stock is there, which will be affected by tariffs. I estimate that those goods can be mostly handled, and three months of shipping requirements. So now we see that it is about 567, and these three months, my gross profit will probably hit that number. But after that both, assuming that the exchange rate is not significantly changed, my short-term luck will return to the original track.

So, I'd like to point out that I'm talking about the short-term, that we're all looking at it, at least in the second Q, the main items, our big power items, and then the one that's computing there, and then the other one that's bigger should be, like the power items. Now it's pretty obvious that the fan is basically a fan, and that growth rate looks like a Q, the second Q is a relative Q, and it's still on that growth rate. So, after the third Q, the growth rate won't slow down, and it's worth watching again, because honestly, the customers don't dare to give it so far, but it's basically healthy. That computing basically tells us that the share of our total revenue is almost the same, and Q1 doesn't change much.

Q3 Q4 is now talking with these guests, in fact, everyone's situation is not too big, he has no way to tell you clearly, but the entire industry does not seem to see me in recession. So I think that with the whole top of the year, 25 years of revenue should be able to make us the beginning of the year, the forecast at the beginning of the year, we will try to achieve this goal. Thanks for sharing.