Please do not hesitate to subscribe to our newsletter and we will provide you with a full list of our products and services. We will provide you with a free sample of our products and services.

Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Mirror and Dot column. Dot column.

Mirrors and Dots. Mirrors and Dots. Mirrors and Dots. Mirrors and Dots. Mirrors and Dots. Dots and Dots. Don'ts and Don'ts.

This is the first time we have been to the Apacer Society for the first time in 2025. Well, the first time we have been to the Apacer Society is with a disclaimer, the report is with the best information we can know now. The second is our financial figures, if we have any corrections or updates, we have no further statement that this book is not in the Apacer Society for the purposes of disclaimer.

Today's agenda is about Apacer, so I still have a lot of new friends, so let's talk about Apacer. The main concern is the strategy of operation, and I think the media is more concerned about the trend of the industry, and then the financial performance. Yesterday we passed all the financial figures through the board of directors, it has been announced on the website, so we will soon take a look at our financial figures. This is an overview of Apacer, since 1997, we have been from the second generation to the present year of Z province, this financial and internal financial messages because we played the above sermon on Tanaka ascertain.

The company has been recognized as ESG, which we have already been selected as the top 100 of the commercial carbon competitiveness in the environment, we also launched a total of thousands of DDR5 modules. We have recently been researching and developing low-power technology products, which will be seen in the future product launch, especially in Computax. The society has been awarded the CommonWealth Magazine talent, sustainability as ESG we will hold customer satisfaction surveys and supplier conferences regularly, and we also continue to source donations and sponsor cultural institutions in Taiwan. Corporate Governance, we follow the Corporate Governance 3.0 0 Sustainability blueprint planning strategy, and just mentioned that corporate governance evaluation is the top 5 billions of the market value of 500 billions to 10 billions of the categories, we also entered the best international brand in Taiwan.

We focus on the key areas in particular, especially in the public affairs there are special application market, there is a high demand for customization, there is a high demand for customization, the product has high value creation. Strategic partners, we work with all the quality partners, cooperation on the products on the channel, also promote a common win-win alliance strategy, but also destroy the future blueprint.

In addition, as the speed of the heat dissipation technology becomes more and more rapid, we have launched a rapid cooling technology Core Glacier Series, which is also called Core Energy. Patents, all of which we have patented, utilised as much as possible, and commercialized, are therefore the most number of patented layouts we can launch in the imported type, with a transfer-in 77%, and then consumer products at 13.9%, and innovative applications at 9.1%. With approval, there are up to 115 in Taiwan, 4 in progress, 65 in China, 30 in progress, and 19 in the United States, and 2 in total, we have 235 patents approved to follow the application.



Here is the transcript of the rescheduled paragraph type: The consolidated cash flow table is also available in this table. The final cash flow at the end of the day is compared to the current cash advance, and the YY view is not too different. The last incentive policy is Dow's second incentive policy. So the entire EPS in 2024, we are 2. 18, then we have the cash incentive to release 1. 95, and we have the capital volume of 0.2 25, so the overall incentive will be 2. 2, 2. This is the policy that we encourage.

The same reason was in 2024, our performance is not good compared to 2023 2.221, so in 2024 we also got the board's consent, so in this paragraph we use capital accumulation to release, is to encourage a way to say this. This is the way to do some value to this, when in the past the brand and the ultraman, we are all unreasonable seek forward, but still inspiration, in fact, their purpose, 003 do not matter, we can understand that we are not brand inka, we do not have yours. Well, this is my simple report, so I give the time to the host, thank you, then Q&A time, we should be with the chief financial officer first.

This time, we ask the Chief Financial Officer to supplement the information of the stock at the end of the year, we mainly in the public stock, about 66% of the total stock, in the D-RAM part about 40%, the fresh part about 33%, the consumption of stock, the D-RAM part about 30%, the fresh part about 70%, the remaining inventory is a small amount of stock of the EA department. This question I first answered him the latter half, that the math chief is better than me, we have been in the past years, this NAND, it is easy to hit its so called Fully Loaded or Cash Cost, so NAND continues to not make money, for people doing NAND, it is really very difficult to expand.

<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the user-provided verbatim and sort it into paragraph verbatim. First, I want to read the user-provided rules carefully to make sure that the task is fully understood. The user emphasizes that the original text cannot be deleted, rewritten or condensed, so the integrity of the original text must be maintained. Next, I will analyze the verbatim fragments provided by the verbatim. Note that each sentence has timestamps, such as [1712. 26-1716. 36], which may indicate the time range of speech. My task is to sort the corresponding sentences in logical order into paragraphs, while keeping the order and content of the original sentences intact.

First, I need to identify which sentences belong to the same topic or conversational rotation. For example, the parts of the DDR3 and DDR4 requirements may belong to the same paragraph. Then the discussion about the NAND portfolio is followed by an analysis of the demand and supply balance. After that, the user refers to the statement of the finance minister about the D-RAM structure, as well as the subsequent questions and answers section.

During the processing process, I will check by a sentence for omissions or sequence errors. For example, the "last" of timestamps [1954. 08-1955. 08] may be a transition sentence that follows the questioner's questions and needs to make sure these parts are properly interspersed. In addition, pay attention to the continuity of timestamps, ensuring the transition between paragraphs is natural, while not altering the order of the original sentences. For example, regarding the section of AGE AI, the transition from question to answer needs to be clear to avoid confusion.

The only thing we will talk about as soon as we talk about it, is that the demand is to look at the end of the demand. The first quarter is probably not very good, and the projection that we see when the whole large plant does the Earnings Code didn't give a good signal, but we all gave a signal to go to the third quarter, because it really is very low, that the price is also very low, and the capacity has been downward. I believe that as long as they lose their money they will go down, then the demand supply will eventually fall, that is, over supply becomes shortage, it will come, when it will come, and how quickly will come back down, which is like the state of Europe, the state of China, the US tariffs, all these changes will really affect how the demand will come back.

The ratio I asked the finance director, then we now D-RAM inside the D4 part accounted for about 60%, and the D5 part accounted for about 30%. This is our main structure, or the D4 amount is more, but we will slowly turn to the D5 part. First answer your first question, I think the question is a bit big, well, just got him, I have two questions, the first I want to say is because there are some signs of demand rebound in the consumer market recently, this is the first, then the second because control products should be more consensus this year will be better development, I do not know that if we are to control the application of this body, consumer demand should be upstream and downstream production, then the price is not too much, so there are some signals, the individual needs are different reactions, so we want to see a different areas, so there are still there is a different market there will be some kind of the need to be some kind of the new demand, we will be more. This is a very good thing about memory, at least it will be higher, the device will be higher, and then content per box is the amount of memory to load on each device will be higher, that is, the only thing I want to do is to make it more popular, that is, I think it is important in the application, that deepseek, that is, there is a lot of application tools in the development of the source, the main tool, I think that it is a little bit of coding, the first part of the application, the first part of the application, the first part of the application, if it is the same thing, it will be more convenient to do it, the same thing, the next time it will be more convenient to do the same thing, I want to do the same thing, the next time to do the same thing, I want to do the same thing, the next time to do the most of the most of the new thing, the most of the new thing, the new thing, I want to do the new thing, the new thing, I want to do the new thing, I want to do the new thing, I want to do the new thing, I want to do the same thing, the new thing, I want to do the new thing, the new thing, I want to do the same thing, the same thing, I want to do the same thing, I want to do the new thing, the new thing, the same thing, the same thing, I want to do the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing is the new thing, I want to do the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, the new thing, is the new thing, I will be more information, is the new thing, is the new thing, is the AI, is the new thing, is the new thing, is the

So memory is just needed, that is, all devices really need memory, this is inevitable trend. So when I just said that these things need to be fermented gradually, and slowly formed, I think memory will go to shortage direction. You know that in the new process, whether it is EABC or alpha beta gamma, the process is very long, and every HBM is occupied, especially HBM is about three times that of conventional DDR5. So if it always becomes bigger or shrinks, no matter how it is proportional, it will be able to produce 100 pieces of DDR5 or HBM in the future, it will not necessarily be more.

If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best quality products and services, we are here to help you find the best solution for your business needs. We are here to help you find the best solution for your business needs. We are here to help you find the best solution for your business needs. We are here to help you find the best solution for your business needs. We are here to help you find the best solution for your business needs. We are here to help you find the best solution for your business needs. We are here to help you find the best solution for your business needs. In the absence of China's supply method, we supply our system, the whole supply above, is already existing its size, forget that we have a high share of public prosecution, so public prosecution customers generally speaking, not much will change the supply of this thing, so we are very heavy, instead of consumer type, we will be more flexible in China, I will also sell these things to China's customers, but in the majority of China, we are still in charge, in addition to public prosecution, in addition to public prosecution, most of the consumer products, so just said 10% is the total public control and consumption, all, the total revenue, China's region accounted for 10% of our total revenue, then we also talked about the rest, especially within the part, I want to understand that the price will be in the second quarter, or until the third time, we actually see the price, it is now is the current situation, we are not to buy more than the market.

So today's price is very low, I think I should climb up from the bottom, there is little space to fall again, can not say no, but it is very difficult. That's to say that the two products are the same, the two products are the same, I think it is almost there, even if the bottom is not very close to the bottom, even if you are not the bottom is also very close to the bottom.

So basically, in the pipeline above, there are some customers who make it online, but don't forget that we are going to book these things, do you want to pay for it? I think we don't need to take it in, because after all, DDR3 DDR4, this thing can still be manufactured in Taiwan, but it's not that it needs to be zero, but it's really less of an application on the DDR3 and DDR4.

DDR3 is really less and less, from my point of view, I don't want to represent our suppliers such things, from the point of view of UZEN's DDR3 is getting less and less, so we are very careful in the inventory management. But DDR4 is still our chief financial officer, we have 60% on DDR4, on behalf of our customers looking at our market and watching our customers, their needs are still reasonable and healthy on DDR4, so DDR4 inventory is so much more. So the production and manufacturing above, do not do not do it, but DDR3 is actually end of life, but DDR4 is not yet, so the relatively small, so Taiwan's DDR4 can do it, so let's do it slowly, until DDR5 maturity, and then move the entire DDR5 platform to DDR5, but this time I think it is very long.

In 2024, the sales of the pure industrial control part accounted for about 4% of the revenue, and the consumption part is about 52%, mainly in the middle of what we call the industrial control, is possible for the specifications above the requirements of the manufacturers of industrial control, may be due to the price, etc., or performance above the requirements of there is no high-spec, it can be in the downgrade part, we call the internal called the industrial control, that part we have just seen this part of consumption first, right. If there is no other problems on the scene, today's law is here, thank you for your media advanced participation, thank you all.