The following is a transcript of the rescheduled paragraphs: "Hello guys, welcome to enter our new administration today. Join us for the Joint Law Society of Central Taiwan.

First, let me introduce you to today's company's guests. First, let's introduce the first level of Kenny's Chief Executive. Ms. Aileen Hung became Chief Financial Officer.

The second level of our company is our guests. We are the general manager of the company. We are the chief financial officer of the company. Let me explain to you the whole process of today. Today, the United Methodist Union will have two sessions. First, you will have to make a brief introduction to the company.

There will be QA time after the meeting. Please ask your comrades if you have any questions, you can ask them during the QA time. Next we will have a break for 10 minutes. The second session will be done by the management team at the center of the resources here. There will be QA time after the meeting. Please contact us if you have any further questions after the end.

First of all, we welcome you. Our Chief Financial Officer will give you a thank you. The general manager will ask you for an answer. I am Ms. Aia Li Xianghua. I will give you a briefing on some of the company's first evolutions and some financial performance. Today's briefing will start with a simple introduction to the industry and then some of the business parts of our group.

We will first talk about some of the company's financial bureaus and transformations and finally share some of the results of some of the evolution of the performance. The division of the industry. The market in Becky is actually a rising trend. According to the law, it can be roughly divided into general Becky and the business of the two major categories.

In fact, because everyone's lifestyle changes, the total number of Becky's is actually a trend. In business Becky's last year, about 20 million tonnes of production was about 9 of them in the non-harmful general business Becky's. Harmful business Becky's is probably about 1.5 million tonnes per year. Therefore, after producing Becky's products, a simple split and then divided into the types of Becky's, it will be commissioned by the company to perform a removal of the Becky's.

It is harmless to have a hazardous 1 seat. In about 2089, the group began to carry out the transformation and began to carry out the transformation, we began to carry out some of the land that was processed in the middle, such as the cultural physical physiology netting, etc. For example, we partnered with the world's largest trouble company, Vigia's valuable environment, and then moved to a market where resources were allocated to the entire output land.

We have also set up a regenerative workplace in Chiayi, where we have a case where we also have a fishing vessel worker in the part of renewable energy, and finally we have entered the poor economy. We take some of the regenerative forces of recycling, etc., and finally do the land and soil products back to the market to do one.

In addition, we also invested in large-scale sustainable technology that provides systemic solutions such as replacing some solutions to integrate some of the Group's solutions to provide customers with a number of activities related to sustainability. In this simple industrial chain chart, we can see that the main thing in the market is that the production fee-free business units and then to clear the fleet to a processor such as Knives. In this chart, we can see that Knives continued to penetrate the market at the beginning of the final disposal, and then we built our own fleet to convert to cultural chemistry and so on.

We all use a suspended system to achieve a real-time and remote control of some of our major short-term investment projects. Then we share it with you. That's just the mid-top resources, but just today's mid-top resources managers are also on the scene, so I just need to help manage it easily and then if the line section then please help us share it.

It is the only integrated cultural power generation curing and curing in Taiwan, a comprehensive treatment layer of the current waste treatment code of more than 200 per month, the license culture single is 3780 tons, which is also planning a project together.

In the midst of the circular economy, we have a regenerative material plant that we have a regenerative material plant that has been regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively regeneratively. The ZLSM is one of the materials of concrete that is low-strength concrete, which is used in engineering and is a material of Guangdong-Panda.

We have been told that we have invested in a workplace in Chiayi. You may want to say that it is probably because we are a Guangdong company and why we invest in that kind of traditional industry. In fact, the product will be a very important area for us to realize the whole cycle economy. It is a recyclable workplace. We are like a recycling street channel operator, some of our carton boxes are made of these waste paper, and then re-assembled into other industrial paper products, and returned to customers for use.

But in papermaking, it also generates a lot of zero and sludge, and it also requires recycling to foreign buyers to dispose of this specific waste, so it actually puts a lot of pressure on the cost of operations, or in some environments. But we put in a new air cushion to form a mold, we will return some of the waste that can not be made of paper products, such as those of high-particle plastics, etc., and then mix some of our produce, some of the paper sticks into SRF, then as an alternative material in South America, and then use some of the tools.

We are now in the process of developing a plant that is part of renewable energy. We are now in the process of developing a plant that is near 70MW of equipment capacity in Kaohsiung. The additional 70MW is now a step forward in the production process. Our group has also entered a field of renewable energy through one of its major power plants in the last half of the year. For example, we are in the field of renewable energy.

We have all left the logistics. That is our role in this platform, and we use the information to maintain a management of fertility. These are actually the solutions that Dayun has always provided to us. Dayun has developed an environmental protection platform from the beginning, like this one, to replicate some opaqueness, information asymmetry, and then rely too much on the status of an industry that trusts the industry.

That is, with zero carbon, we also pay attention to interesting related issues, so we have also created an interesting platform, including providing courses such as carbon emission surveys, or general reports, product creation funds, etc., and other basic cross-border, combined with the regional departments to provide a complete solution. Then we share with you some assessment of the cost of zero carbon emissions last year. In the four years of zero carbon emissions cost, the annual revenue of coal is about 51.700 million, and the last one is 11.75 billion, and YOY is probably maintaining a 20% growth state. That in the financial ratio, gross profit was 39% last year, 24% of the operating rate, and the net interest rate is 23%.

In 2019, we launched the first Sustainability Report in 2020, and until 2024, we were recognized by PCSA for its Sustainability Report Award. But 502 is also an eco-friendly company for international entrepreneurs, as it is an initiative proposed by British companies and Berryland and it, but its main appeal is to hope that companies can use less resources and more efficient ways to increase the output of the entire economy. For example, energy use can be very high, but this will actually have a lot of mid-value on the level of operations.

In addition, we also use general resources to reconstruct the landfill plant, which generates methane from organic decomposition, and we also use this way to generate gas. Of course, we all know that we have the world's largest heli wall, which is not just an evolution of some of our environment, it will also achieve some of the evolution of some of the wastewater treatment. The social aspect, because it may be long-lasting in the environment, so we also hope that it can be implemented into the community to the campus, so we will occasionally hold workshops, or some of the community's teaching activities, to interact with the residents or teachers, so that a concept of environmental education can go a step further.

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.