<think> Ok, now I need to deal with the user request and organize the provided transcription fragments into paragraph-based transcriptions. First, I want to read the original content of the user carefully to ensure that I understand each point in time and the corresponding sentences. The user emphasizes that nothing can be deleted, rewritten, or condensed, so it must be arranged strictly in the original order.

First of all, I will check each timestamp and the corresponding sentence to make sure that there are no omissions or duplicates. For example, there are multiple points in the proverbs provided by the user, such as [0. 00-7. 78] to [466. 00-467. 00], corresponding to a sentence or multiple sentences at each point. I need to sort these sentences in chronological order and merge them into natural paragraphs while keeping the original intention intact. Next, I need to identify which sentences can be combined into paragraphs. For example, a welcome phrase and introduction section at the beginning can be combined into a paragraph, followed by a description of the plant distribution and production capacity, and then a part about patents and product development.

For example, the description of the Indonesian factory appears at multiple points in time, it is necessary to make sure that each sentence is properly placed in the paragraph. In addition, the user refers to "not summary", so all the details, including the timestamp and the full content of each sentence must be retained. This may mean that the paragraph is longer, but it must be kept as it is. During the process, I also need to pay attention to the consistency of the punctuation and sentence to ensure that there is an appropriate transition between paragraphs. For example, using the connection word like "Next", "in addition", etc., but the user does not request to add these, so the structure of the original sentences may need to be maintained only by subsections.

Finally, I will read the whole finishing paragraph verbatim to check if the user meets all the requirements: no delete anything, keep the original order, correct segmentation, and the format is correct. If you have any questions, you may need to check the original verbatim again to make sure that each sentence is correctly placed.

Well, because this time there are a few investors who come to the lily for the first time, I still follow the practice to introduce you to a lily overview, with a very quick take. Importantly, I want to share with you, I think you can see from a lot of public messages. Here I want to share with you is the yellow word part, because this is a lecture that is still hot.

In 2023, we got the "A Agility Award for Interpersonal Communication and Delivery", which we are still getting this year. The part of that 2023 also won Nike, which is also a friendly labor and sustainable environment award, and there are only six in the world and the lily is one of them. This year, in fact, 2025 is the award, which is very not easy to get. This is the family of the award I received from Adidas, this is the one I received from Adidas, this is the one I received from Adidas, this is the one I just received from Germany.

In addition to our head office in Taiwan, we currently have factories in Vietnam, Indonesia, mainland China, we are in Vietnam, Indonesia, and mainland China. This is the main purpose of close service to all customers. Because now this brand, whether it is an international brand, two international brands require all suppliers to have 3D delivery of production, is the delivery of the three countries. I think this is also an important factor for us to get close to customers early, because anyway, it is in the case of short delivery, I have no way to get close to the customer, and in fact we have no way to meet the deadline. For example, the German brand requires 21 days, the US brand requires 14 days or even 20 days of a delivery, if you do not close to the customer, local to, in fact there is no way to satisfy.

This is the new factory of the White River in Vietnam, the limestone spring, which is about 15 minutes away from the factory, is actually very close. The three factories in the top right corner of the Vietnam White River are relatively small, about 300 meters away from the factory. This is the biggest change in the whole of the construction plant, this is the one we see now is the new one, the one on the left, the one on the left, the one on the left, the one on the right, the one on the right when I went to Indonesia, it was already all gone all the way, the photo was completed three months ago.

So many people ask, why do you build so fast? In fact, the whole building in Indonesia is not as fast as other buildings, so you have to plan a plant in advance, or you may not be able to do it when you need it. So we are ready to take the part of the plant in the current land area.

And then this is Dongguan, this is a white red factory in Dongguan, China, this is Vietnam KY Baihe system in Vietnam, it is a factory dedicated to the production of our crystal grid, which is also the only manufacturer in Vietnam one-long production, the only one-long network is probably only Vietnam white red, so you will also ask me if it is a tariff issue for this time, is there some good news? In fact, it is possible that the whole part of the order is actually more concentrated.

In fact, the White River in many of the product development parts we have been working on to meet the needs of our customers, whether in a new style or in some research and development of patents, we are very committed to developing, so every quarter we must have something new to be able to be used by our brand customers. So this is from the beginning of 1979 to produce the Devil's Ladder to the present day or the Devil's Ladder of this product item. So this time in 1979, the year tape is our 100% product item, is only one product is the year tape, now this product only about 13% of it is shrinking, its amount is rising, but this type of more and more and more that it will fall down the whole part of it. So can tell you that the White River products are very diverse, but also to meet the needs of various industries.

The following is a re-routing paragraph-by-text transcript:. You can avoid the possibility of a kill price. Well, that is, if this product is like a situation where we can only produce it, it is not possible to compare it. So this is also why we have been encouraging our internal employees to think for themselves, and there are a lot of new products that we can say about it.

So in March, we reviewed 17 cases in the end of March, and there were ten of them passed. The criteria for optimizing the process and some of the conditions for optimizing the process and the entire patent, and optimizing the process and some of the conditions for the entire patent. So this is what we encourage our employees to do to tell you that after we have seen you on the rehearsal, after you have done the rehearsal, you will find what you have, what you have, what you have. Electronics, electronics, cars, baby supplies, fitness supplies, fitness supplies, rest supplies, rest supplies, and rest supplies, and what kind of industry you can see.

So, we are not only providing products to customers, we also provide some services to customers, one-stop to provide customers. So the current part of our industry is the most used part of the course shoes, shoes in the industry in the first quarter of this year 63%. Clothing is the second, the clothing section is about 25%, the 3C products about 2%, the medical section is about 2%, the others are slightly, we haven't listed it separately. Compared with last year's year's situation, the footwear industry is actually growing, the proportion of last year's entire footwear industry accounted for 61. 6%, the clothing category in 2024 is about 23% of the proportion, but the other part of the industry is always changed, because sometimes we don't have a very large amount of money, we have to class it out.

That said, On Running is our third brand, with a 6.1% that is worth mentioning, we have one of our top ten brand customers in the first quarter of this year, there is a new brand coming in, and we are very concerned about the brand, is the U.S. brand Hoka, Hoka, it is the first time we have entered our top ten, I told you in the last law to tell you that there is a chance in the fourth quarter of 2024 it will come in our more significant amount of sales. That is indeed the first quarter of 2025, it has been promoted to our eighth, it has 1.6% that is also the highest growth of the top ten brand customers, of which of course we continue to mention this, the fourth is New Balance, the fourth is the New Balance, the fourth, the New Balance, it is also very high, it has a revenue ratio of 5. 1%, and that growth is very good.

Lululemon is 1.5%. So we look back at who these brands are, the most growth-oriented, just Hoka, Hoka268%. The second, the second, New Balance, grew by 54%. The third is the German brand 37%. The fourth is Onroni, yes, BOA42%, and Arthurs 43%.

This is why our top ten brand customers, this first quarter of this year, accounted for 68.2% of our total revenue. That 2024 top ten brand customers accounted for 64.1%. In fact, there is one thing that is concentrated, one thing that is concentrated in the situation. We share again, is the whole shoe and garment industry, the growth is relatively large, because some brands only wear shoes, some brands only make clothes.

Second place is New Balance, third place is Arthurs 43%, fourth place is BOA 42%, fifth place is On Running 31%, sixth place is German brand 28%, seventh place is UA 11%. The eighth place is growth, in terms of shoes, PUMA 10%. The only top ten drop is the U.S. brand, which fell by 5%. Then again, the most obvious part of the garment growth is New Balance, the part of the garment, and New Balance grew by 71%. The German brand grew by 67%, you can look at the German brand, it is better than the shoes, and it is better than the shoes.

Well, in fact, the U.S. brand is better than the shoes. Then the fifth place, the growth is also very large, Decathlon, Decathlon parts of the clothing has grown by 45%. That is, there is a share of five brands, this is some situation about the brand. Well, again, we are our brand customers, here is our direct shoe factory or garment factory customers. Well, this is our first quarter of the year, the bottom right side of this page is that, look at the non-corresponding real estate, this is the ratio of revenue in the first quarter of this year, our region, we use each region for an analysis.

If you want to distinguish, it is the region between China and Vietnam, so 45% lose 13.5% is from Vietnam. So 45% lose 13.5% is from Vietnam. So 45% lose 13.5% is from Vietnam. So 45% lose 13.5% is from Vietnam. So 45% lose 13.5% is from China, KY is from the lily part, because we have just seen one of the most obvious part of Vietnam, 30% of its revenue, 30% of the lily part of Vietnam, 30% of the lily of Indonesia, 14% of the lily of Taiwan, and 2% of the North America.

This is our loose belt 13.3%, the part 12.1% of the cotton strap, you see, the cotton strap is only 12.1%. Well, this is us, of course, I haven't officially announced the first quarter of my performance, so I haven't put it up. The whole revenue in 2024 and the entire gross profit margin, along with this part of the cost rate and EPS are all here, we have the real estate and non-real estate are 4.75 EPS, compared to the EPS of 4.86 EPS.

Therefore, in 2025, we will add some more construction, such as in our Vietnam area, there will be some green electricity added in, so it is estimated that there is a chance to reach 12% of one, our electricity share, is to increase. In addition, there must be someplace, we must do a wastewater treatment, in addition to meeting the requirements of the local government, in fact, the international brand will also require, every production area must have wastewater treatment, even water recycling.

In 2024, the total amount of water used in Indonesia lilies was 28,006 tons of water. That half of the water comes from rainwater recycling. There are 14,000 tons of water is rainwater recycling. So how much money do you save by multiplying 80 tons of water?

We just saw the village of Li-Ming. It is a green building. It achieved a label of this green building in 2022.