The following is a re-arranged paragraph type transcript:. Please see the report. Advanced, today we officially started the corporate briefing session of Good Problem Co., Ltd.. Good Problem Co., Ltd. The briefing session begins and we will pass the time to General Manager Lin Tianxing. Hello everyone, I am here to briefly explain.

The number of stores in the whole store, until the end of last year, is also a store of 46 stores so far. The number of our employees is counted to the end of February this year, with 1320 people. Then, this is a distribution of our province, and most of our stores are distributed throughout the North District.

In the last year, we had four stores that we had just mentioned that we had 46 stores, which we probably had picked up in the last part of the year. The wooden gate store was stolen, and the original location was another sports fitness center for the cabinet company. The part of the bush store was a part of its overall cash flow, and there was no way to support its overall operation, so we decided to close it in advance. The part of the bush store was a part of the landlord's whole point, and after the lease expired, it wanted us to leave because it wanted to make some adjustments to the building of the store.

The next part is the store planning, such as Luodong to the west, which is actually in the planning process. It is a store in Luodong, which may be related to a building in the current area, so the entire period will be a little longer. That is, last year, we bought one of the parts of the Xiangyang store, which we just mentioned, and then we will start operations directly in May this year.

So the third part of the whole financial statement is not. The whole part of the financial report is focused on the overall Taiwan region, so Ledaye's 46 stores, coupled with Alfa music, which is the part of our Taiwan region. The other part is to invest in the money cabinet, which has 26% of the equity to invest in the money cabinet. The money cabinet is also the result of a KTV operation in Taiwan region, and the money cabinet has more investment in the last few years.

We can see the whole part of our revenue, in fact, in the KTV part, we generally have the part of the box. Then it is the part of the box machine, what we call the part of the public sale, that part we have always called the public sale, that part is not called alcohol, that part is the part of the alcohol drink. That other thing is that it contains some advertising revenue, that part of the part is a copyright income of Alfa music alone.

So in the year 2023 is also the best time of our revenue year, then 2023 after the start of the year last year to the present, in fact, there is a more foreign tourists in the country. So we are now a relatively large part of the official order difference, which will also reflect in the consumption of a budget control above a distribution, so in fact, last year is a bit more difficult, that is, the revenue in 2023 is still downwards. We can next see that each Q little plot, in fact, regardless of Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4, in fact, its revenue is down every quarter.

That's why I'm not going to say anything about this Q anymore, so let's take a look at this part of the business economy. That's the same result of COVID-19 in 2021, so in this point of business economy, simply on KTV's performance in the consolidated report, it's a state of minimal loss. As revenue is getting better, just as we mentioned from 2022 to 2023, so 2023 in the case of a significant increase in revenue, it is also a relatively high state of our business economy.

I look at the third part of this chart, which looks like it's from Q1 Q2 Q3 and Q4, and it's actually a downward state. I don't say much more about that part, and the whole profit statement is the structure of the operating economy, which is Taiwan.

If you want to know more about the stock market, you can read more about the stock market. If you want to know more about the stock market, you can read more about the stock market. If you want to know more about the stock market, you can read more about the stock market. If you want to know more about the stock market, you can read more about the stock market. If you want to know more about the stock market, you can read more about the stock market. If you want to know more about the stock market, you can read more about the stock market. If you want to know more about the stock market, you can read more about the stock market.

If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best service, we will provide you with the best service and the best service. If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best service, we will provide you with the best service. If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best service, we will provide you with the best service. If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best service, we will provide you with the best service. If you are looking for a company that can provide you with the best service, we will provide you with the best service. In the internal part, it will be more focus on the marketing and operation of members, we currently have about 300,000 members, which is a very loyal customer, so we will continue to do something for members, maybe members in the future, or some member points of the activity, that would be a member's discretion, so that they can be able to continue to return to the company consumption, and then, of course, still mention the part of the box, because after all, KV is the main song, then most of us in the box, will want to have a lot of more entertainment elements, so we will continue to develop, how to let more elements of technology in the box, can make this box better to play, and finally, we assume or remain the same, we want to create a happy and safe and safe leisure space, maybe in the years of operation, there are some, encounter some bottlenecks, encounter some two wars, then at least I think, after all, it is not to be replaced by e-commerce or network, because it is a place, because it is a place, because it is very much enjoy a atmosphere or interaction, good, all the company, and the company, all report that the company will be here.