Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the Biotricity Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. The question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Founder and CEO, Dr. Waqaas Al-Siddiq. Thank you. You may begin.
Dr. Waqaas Al-Siddiq: Thank you everybody for joining us today. Second quarter 2025 has been a transformative quarter for Biotricity marked by significant advancements and strategic initiatives that has led to us achieving positive EBITDA for the first time in September and continue our path to profitability. One of our most significant achievements this quarter has been the improvement in all aspects of the business from revenues to margins, operational efficiency and a shift to positive EBITDA. Our commitment to innovation, strategic partnerships and operational efficiency has allowed us to make remarkable progress across multiple fronts. We are continuing to expand our Cardiac AI Cloud capabilities harnessing our data to explore predictive capabilities with our platform. Recently, we published our research in predicting postoperative complications in Nature. We expect to expand our research and file for FDA of our AI clinical model by mid next year. Our recent strategic alliances with the top group purchasing organizations, otherwise known as GPOs and specialist organizations in neurology and pulmonology are beginning to gain momentum. These partnerships have helped kick off multiple large opportunities that are currently in pilots along with expanding our reach beyond cardiology, significantly expanding our market reach. This positions us to capitalize on broader market channels and secure larger contracts, strengthening our presence in the healthcare technology sector. As noted in our release, we have also recently procured the support of our funding partners in order to place the largest inventory order Biotricity has ever placed. This is a testament to how excited we are about our growth in the coming quarters. These recent initiatives are part of our broader strategy to develop more complimentary partnerships where access to cardiac diagnostics is critical. We will continue to focus on partners that have a broad reach and whose existing customers have a comorbidity or cardiac risk factor. In summary, our strategic initiatives, technological advancements and operational efficiencies have positioned Biotricity for sustained growth and profitability. We remain focused on delivering innovative, high quality cardiac care solutions and are confident in our ability to continue driving value for our shareholders and improving patient outcomes globally. With that, I will turn the call over to our CFO, John Ayanoglou, to provide more detailed financial insights.
John Ayanoglou: Thank you, Waqaas. Let's review the highlights of our second fiscal quarter of fiscal 2025. Our recurring revenue generated from our technologies-as-a-service subscription model, as well as our usage-based subscriptions remains robust, driven by the popularity of our FDA cleared cardiac monitoring devices and particularly our state-of-the-art Biocore. We continue to see strong demand and market adoption, particularly in the case of the next generation Biocore Pro, which features cellular connectivity. Atrial fibrillation is a primary contributor to strokes and remains a significant focus of our ecosystem of technologies and products. We facilitate the diagnosis of atrial fibrillation, providing cardiologists and patients the opportunity for earlier medical intervention. This not only improves patient outcomes, but also underscores significant healthcare cost savings for both individuals and the broader healthcare system. For the second quarter ended September 30, 2025, revenue increased by 13% year-over-year to $3.3 million. This growth is a testament to the quality of our technology and efficacy of our strategic initiatives. Our Biocore line of products are turning heads at larger clinics and hospitals that have a longer sales cycle, and we have an unprecedented for us pipeline of high quality, high volume accounts that are conducting trials and pilots of our technologies. We've also been successful in our focus to transition our business to a flat fee subscription model, having already transitioned approximately three quarters of our business to establish a higher quality and more predictable revenue stream. Our flat fee revenue grew by about 34% year-over-year from the comparative quarter of the prior year. Technology fees rose by 12.2% year-over-year to a little under $3.1 million, a 73% increase in flat revenue -- flat fee revenue. Once again, this reflects our strong customer retention and the quality of our support services. Gross profit for the quarter totaled $2.5 million, up 23% from $2 million in the prior year period. Our gross profit percentage improved 1,468 basis points to 75.3% for the fiscal year, up from 73.8% in the prior year. This increase is attributed to the expansion of our recurring technology fee revenue base. Efficiencies gained through the proprietary AI that we use and improvements in our monitoring cost structure. We've also become more efficient in producing our devices, which are also now enjoying sales at higher margins. Our insourcing business model allows cardiac medical professionals to have direct control over our services and have enhancing efficiencies and enabling broader market penetration. Operating expenses for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 were $2.8 million, compared to $3.5 million in the same period last year. This is a 34% improvement. Our selling, general and admin expenses decreased by 35.5% and we reduced our R&D expenses by almost 26%. As mentioned earlier, we have strategically transformed our sales force to focus on longer sales cycles and larger accounts. Including independent hospitals and GPO networks. As Waqaas mentioned, we've now signed three of the largest GPO networks providing us access to more than 90% of hospitals in the U.S. and certain of these are starting to work closely with us to partner with us in selling our technology. Net loss attributable to common stockholders decreased 57% year-over-year to $1.65 million or $0.073 per share from a net loss of $3.88 million or $0.441 per share in Q2 fiscal year 2024. This was despite the expenses associated with infrastructure growth and higher variable interest rates. We've become more efficient, both in terms of automation and use of AI to streamline operations. But we have also become proactive in cost management to achieve our goal of being EBITDA breakeven and we're very pleased with our progress. Management considers EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA's measures for the three-month and six-month period ended September 3024 to be indicators of the company's progress towards breakeven profitability, as well as improvement towards operating cash flow breakeven. EBITDA improved by 80% and 50.4%, respectively, when compared to the three months and six months ended for the corresponding prior year period. Adjusted EBITDA, which management uses a measure for tracking free cash flow levels improved to negative $249,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, a reduction of over $1.7 million in negative adjusted EBITDA from the comparative period of the prior fiscal year. This is an 87% improvement. The company was able to achieve a positive adjusted EBITDA for the month of September, 2024 for the first time in its history and we are focused on improving our free cash flow going forward. A reconciliation of our adjusted EBITDA numbers or EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA numbers in fact is available in our 10-Q, which we filed last night. Looking ahead, we remain committed to advancing the commercialization of Biocore and Biocare products. Our tech is truly useful globally. Cardiac is the number one chronic care condition in the entire world. We have recently made inroads or received approvals from the regulatory bodies of other countries including Canada that will allow us to sell in other jurisdictions. This sets us up for new initiatives we intend to move on in 2026 and beyond. The growing markets interest and demand for a suite of products dedicated to chronic cardiac disease prevention and management reinforce our confidence in our market position. Importantly, our focus on innovation and development continues to yield significant advancements in remote monitoring solutions for both diagnostic and post-diagnostic products bringing us closer to achieving positive cash flow. We're excited about the future and confident in our ability to deliver sustained growth and profitability for Biotricity. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Kevin Dede, H.C. Wainwright.
Michael Davin: Hi, Waqaas. This is Michael Davin calling on behalf of Kevin. Waqaas, can you elaborate on the predictive capabilities you're exploring with your Cardiac AI Cloud and how do you anticipate these capabilities to impact patient outcomes and operational efficiencies?
Dr. Waqaas Al-Siddiq: Yeah. Great question. Thanks, Michael. So what we're really focusing on is early detection in terms of complex arrhythmia. So like, Afib, V-tex, heart blocks, stuff that requires a patient that they may end up in the hospital for a procedure. So if we can predict that type of deterioration early on, we can bring the patient in earlier. And that will not only allow us to turn devices faster and our doctors to turn devices faster so that they don't, the patient doesn't have to be out as longer, but it also can avoid huge healthcare costs for the insurance companies because, now they don't have to spend a stroke is a $250,000. Avoid that to get the patient in earlier and stabilize them. It's a huge cost savings as well to the system.
Michael Davin: Okay. That's helpful. Now, looking at your SG&A reduction, are these reductions primarily from structural changes or are they on account of the partnerships that you have with the GPOs? So they're able to use their networks. How do you plan on maintaining these reductions and further improving cost efficiencies?
Dr. Waqaas Al-Siddiq: Yeah. So I think it's a combination of really all three things. So one is, we're getting economies of scale now and those things are kicking in. I think you've heard about us talking about that over the last year where, as we grow and as our business becomes more and more repeat -- SaaS oriented, it's easier to manage, right? So the account management, if you want to manage one account, you need one person, but you don't need one person to manage one person for every one account. So as we grow, we've really gotten those efficiencies from an account management perspective. We were able to build out that account management. I think you've heard us talk about that in the last previous quarters where we really bifurcated our sales force and created an account management initiative, and so that account management team is really become efficient and driving that type of SG&A expense as opposed to using sales reps to do that. And the sales reps are now focused on sales, and as John kind of talked about, we are focusing those sales reps now on big deals, right? The GPO oriented deals, bigger deals, longer sales cycle, but much bigger wins. So it's really an optimization of not only the sales force, but the account management and then economies of scale that are just coming in from, as the business grows and the life cycle of the business, as you operationally expand, the resources for every subsequent account that you grow in is less than when you first started out. So it's really all three things working together in tandem to drive that. And of course, we will continue to invest and growing our commercial team, but that investment is not going to be as linear as it used to be as the business has grown.
Michael Davin: Okay. That makes sense. So now this largest, quote-unquote, largest inventory order in your history, is this required because of the, like, being onboarded by the GPOs or do they, like, how should we think about this inventory and revenue for calendar year 2025? I know you touched upon revenue a bit, but how should we think about that?
Dr. Waqaas Al-Siddiq: Yeah. So I think the way to think about that is that we have the inventory on hand now for a clear path to profitability. So, before we were still building out our inventory, we were, obviously, selling, but there's two things that, that our business has, right? We have new sales from new customers and then we have existing customers that are buying additional devices and also moving on from the Bioflux and bringing on our newer product, which is the Biocore Pro. So now we have all the inventory on hand to service all of those and so there's, of course, going to be a general increase of revenue from new customers coming in and from existing customers to add devices. But as older customers transition to the newer product, we also have the inventory on hand to service them. So the way to think about it from an investor perspective or from your perspective is that, does the company have the inventory and the assets it needs to achieve its path to profitability or does it need to invest in more inventory or purchase more inventory? And the answer is that we have everything we need in-house now to get to our profitability point. Stated another way, based on this inventory order, if we sell all those units, we'll be well into the profit category.
Michael Davin: Okay. Great. Now you talked about Canada a bit last quarter. John mentioned it again. So with Health Canada approval of Biotrust, can you give us a little bit of a market status where you guys are there?
Dr. Waqaas Al-Siddiq: Yeah. It's -- Canada, of course, our commercial focus is very much in the U.S. The focus in Canada is really defined distribution partnerships to help deploy that. We have kicked off one relationship and that is already bearing fruit. We expect to see revenue come trickling in from Canada within the next couple of quarters. And then we think that that's going to, as a division start bringing in some of the new products and some revenue that we expect to show up by 2025.
Michael Davin: Okay. So neurology and pulmonology. Can you touch upon that a little bit or I know you've talked about in the past and just really what were specific opportunities, market segments that you find most promising there?
Dr. Waqaas Al-Siddiq: Yeah. So, the strategy over there is really to go after bigger partnerships where there is a partner that is focused on a patient population and a doctor population that has a comorbidity with cardiac. So, our partners in the pulmonology space, they're focusing on home-based sleep studies and now they're doing home-based sleep studies with cardiac studies to figure out risk factors of those patients and then referring them over on to a cardiologist. So, that relationship is been kicked off, it's already generating revenue, it's starting to grow and it's proven the thesis to us that, building out strategic partnerships and relationships with groups that are targeting patients with other comorbidities and other specialty areas is one that does work, that does bear fruit, that is a commercial angle and it's got a high revenue potential. Sizing of those markets and those opportunities is still early days for us to really comment on that, but what I can say is both of the partnerships that we've kicked off in pulmonology and in neurology where one is focused on a pulmonologist and the other one is focused on a neurologist, both of those are active, they're generating revenue, those relationships are growing and we expect to build more relationships like that in the coming quarters and in the coming year.
Michael Davin: Okay. Okay. Great. Well, that's all my questions for now. Appreciate you entertaining them, Waqaas.
Dr. Waqaas Al-Siddiq: Of course.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back to Dr. Waqaas Al-Siddiq for closing remarks.
Dr. Waqaas Al-Siddiq: Thank you. And thank you everybody for joining us on this call. We'd like to thank all our shareholders. We feel like we have a lot of momentum behind the company right now. We're very excited about the next couple quarters. As you can see, revenues continue to grow, margins are continuing to improve, costs are coming down and losses are improving. We -- as we indicated in the last couple quarters, we see a clear path to profitability. We're very excited now that we have our inventory order in place. We have all the assets and the resources that we have needed internally to get execute on that path. Thank you again and we look forward to speaking to everybody on our next call and please reach out if you have any questions.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.